Airtel Nigeria, a telecommunications services provider, has said it is partnering with AXA Mansard, to  help deepen access, participation and enrolment in health insurance by more Nigerians. This is contained in a statement by Airtel and made available to newsmen in Lagos over the weekend. It stated that the  partnership is in response to the Federal Government’s goal through its National Health Insurance Scheme, that easy access to healthcare should be provided for all Nigerians. Airtel stated it will be done by leveraging on the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD) channel, an easy-to-use and interactive platform. “By dialing the short code *987*7#, Airtel customers can now conveniently enroll for affordable and robust health insurance plans from AXA Mansard, with access to over 1,000 hospitals nationwide for quality healthcare services,” it added. The statement quoted Mr Muyiwa Ebitanmi, Head of Mobile Financial Services, Airtel , as saying that the initiative demonstrates Airtel’s commitment to provide innovative and relevant solutions that will empower more Nigerians to conveniently access best-in-class health insurance. Ebitanmi said: “Airtel Nigeria is always exploring innovative ways and platforms that will make life easier, more meaningful and more enjoyable for Nigerians. “With this initiative, we are not just delivering quality health insurance services to the doorstep of more people, we are also leading a quiet revolution that will drive and deepen health insurance inclusion. “This will remove the many barriers that have  excluded many well-meaning Nigerians from participating in the sector.” It also quoted  Mr Alfred Egbai, Head, Emerging Customers and Digital Partnerships Group at AXA Mansard, as saying that research showed that it is important to have a health insurance plan for the public. He, however, said that for many reasons the uptake of insurance products has been low. Egbai noted, “to mitigate these challenges and satisfy the health needs of the retail consumer, the company partnered with Airtel to provide a solution that gives users a convenient way to purchase and manage their AXA Mansard micro-insurance plans.” He said that Malaria In-patient, out-patient, specialist medical consultations, immunizations, family planning, ambulance services, and dental care are some of the covers provided in the AXA Mansard Health plans. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…