Zenith Labour Party (ZLP), has picked its governorship candidate in the forthcoming November 6th, 2021 gubernatorial election in Anambra State. Comrade Ogorji was elected unopposed through voice mode of the party’s governorship primary election held in Awka, on Monday, In his acceptance speech, the standard-bearer of the party said if voted into power, he would improve the living standard of Ndi-Anambra. Ogorji pledged to initiate robust mainstream developmental initiatives premised on the social democratic paradigm of the party to move the Anambra State forward if elected as governor. In his remarks, the National Chairman of the party, Chief Dan Nwanyawu, charged members of the party to commence person to person campaign to ensure the party wins the November 6, 2021 election. Nwanyawu, who spoke through the party Vice National Chairman, South East and the Election Committee Chairman, Dr Obiora Efon, noted that ZLP as one of the recognized INEC political party has credible structure across the 36 states of the federation. He assured supporters that the party, come November 6th 2021, would create a victory history in Anambra State. Tribune Online gathered that the guber candidate is currently the state Chairman of Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) and the party Chairman. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Zenith Labour Party picks guber candidate for Anambra election Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Zenith Labour Party picks guber candidate for Anambra election Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.