One student was reported killed, while 10 students and lecturers were kidnapped as armed bandits attack the Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic, Zaria in Kaduna state on Thursday. In a statement issued by the commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan on Friday. said, “Kaduna State Government has been briefed by security agencies of an attack by armed bandits at the main campus of the Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic, Zaria. According to the statement, “two lecturers and about eight students were abducted from the institution during the attack.” The statement said the bandits invaded the staff quarters of the campus, shooting sporadically. “In the process, two students were hit and sustained gunshot injuries. They were identified as Ahmad Muhammad and Haruna Isyaku Duniya “They were rushed to the hospital for medical attention. Sadly, Ahmad Muhammad succumbed to his wounds and died early this morning. Haruna Isyaku Duniya is still receiving treatment. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai received the briefing with sadness and prayed for the repose of the soul of the student killed while sending condolences to his family. He wished the injured student a speedy recovery. “As at the time of this update, senior government officials and security agencies are conducting security assessments and interfacing with the management and students of the institution.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Bandits kill one, abduct eight in Nuhu Bamalli Poly Zaria ;  Bandits kill one, abduct eight in Nuhu Bamalli Poly Zaria  ;  Bandits kill one, abduct eight in Nuhu Bamalli Poly Zaria ;  Bandits kill one, abduct eight in Nuhu Bamalli Poly Zaria. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!