THE Federal Government will meet with representatives of health sector workers early next week over the ever contentious issue of hazard allowance, which has led to several strikes in the health sector. Specifically, the meeting is to harmonise all the proposals put together by different professional bodies and trade unions in the health sector on the new hazard allowance for workers in government health establishments. The decision for the harmonization gathering was taken after a meeting between the Presidential Committee on Salaries (PCS), relevant Federal Government stakeholders and Health Sector professional associations and trade unions. The meeting held at the Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa Abuja was convened in furtherance of the discussions on the proposed new hazard allowance for health workers in government health establishments. Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, who spoke on the resolutions at the meeting, said progress has been made between the Federal Government and the two umbrella bodies of the health workers, the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) and Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU). According to the Minister, the meeting succeeded in making the health workers appreciate the plight of the government, caused by the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the country’s economy. Ngige said: “We are making progress. At least one of the parties has agreed to the government recommendation. We urged the other party to go and dot the i’s, and cross the t’s in their own recommendation. “Government will also go back and see what we can do within the ambit of the proposals being given by them. We have agreed to reconvene to harmonise the proposals.” Ngige, however, said the Federal Government would not make the amount public until they fine-tune it, adding that even those in agreement with the government proposal, still had a little problem with their compartmentalization of their health workers into junior and senior workers. “We need to leave them to get back to their constituents and agree on that one so that we can harmonise our proposals. We are discussing with two unions or associations. So, in Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) you allow them to give their own position as it suits their members. The members are not the same. The only thing is that you have both workers in the hospital.” He explained that the Federal Government was dealing with two umbrella unions or associations, the NMA representing the trio of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD), consultants and MDCAN; and JOHESU representing the nurses and midwives, laboratory scientists association, pharmacists association, radiographers and physiotherapists. Others in attendance at the meeting included Ministers of State, Senator Olorunimbe Mamora (Health) and Clems Agba (Budget and National Planning), the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health, Abdulaziz Abdulahi and his Labour and Employment counterpart, Peter Yerima Tarfa. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.