The National Population Commission has said that the Commission intends to complete the demarcation of all the 774 local government areas of the entire country in the next three months. The Chairman of the commission, Hon Nasir Kwarra dropped the hint on Tuesday during a press briefing on the 1st Pre-Test for the next population and housing census. The chairman who was represented by the Kogi State National Population Commission, Hon Federal Commissioner, Professor Jimoh Isah said the Pre-test exercise is usually conducted before the completion of the Enumeration Area Demarcation (EAD) exercise. He noted that the Pre-test exercise is a critical part of the census planning which provides the opportunity to test all aspect of the census programme and instruments in advance of the main census activities, thus ensuring the smooth operation and success of the census. “The 1st Pre-test exercise will take place in 222 Enumeration Areas in 112 local government areas across the 36 states of the federation and FCT that were demarcated during the 2016-2018 Enumeration Area Demarcation exercise. “It will involve a total of 894 field functionaries comprising 444 Enumerators, 37 Supervisors, 37 IT Supervisors, 37 Field Coordinators, 37 State Coordinators, 37 Monitors from the headquarters, 37 Monitors from the State and 6 Coordinators,” he stated. The Chairman stressed that the Training of the Trainers has taken place from April 14 to April 18, 2021 in Abuja while the Zonal Training followed from 31, May 2021,  to end 4, June 2021, in 6 centres namely Abuja, Enugu, Gombe, Katsina, Asaba and Ibadan which covers all the geo-political zones of the country. He commended Kogi state governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello for putting adequate security in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  NPC to complete demarcation of 774 LGAs in three months  ;  NPC to complete demarcation of 774 LGAs in three months  ;  NPC to complete demarcation of 774 LGAs in three months  ;  NPC to complete demarcation of 774 LGAs in three months. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.