The Executive Vice-Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, has urged Nigerians to imbibe reading culture for a better knowledge and information. Danbatta said this at the 2021 Library/Museum Day in Abuja last week. He described library as a learning resource assessed by its level of currency in its quality, quantity and variety of the stocks. Danbatta said that an important component of the library resource is the e-section, which allows link up and access more data bases for information electronically. He called on the commission to continue seeking ways to maximise the library resource in meeting its mandate and expanding knowledge and information. “The library is a learning resource. The stock of a library is normally assessed by its level of currency, what is the quality, quantity, variety of the stock. We must be able to embark on assessing the whole thing. “An important component of the library resource is the e-section. The e-section is the section that allows you to link up and access more data bases for information. “When we assess the library, we pay careful attention to the ability of users to access more data bases electronically. “The most important thing is for you to be able to sight a reference that is credible. The library is a component of the entire learning process. “I believe the outcome of today’s event will help change our reading culture, if you don’t have a reading culture, please try and acquire one, it is very important to read. It will motivate us to have a critical look of innovations,” he said. Speaking further, Danbatta said that the theme:  “The Future of Museum, Recover and Re-Emerging” captured the purpose of the commission’s special museum dedicated to telecommunications industry. He said that it was important to collect exhibits and conserve telecommunications items to enlighten and educate stakeholders. “Museums generally play important roles in the society by observing the past and appreciate the future through providing insight into the history of a people and educating a future of generations,” he said. Mr Abba Isa -Tijani, Director General, National Commission for Museums and Monuments, Nigeria (NCMM) said Museums plays a crucial role in preserving local culture with careful documentation and artifact preservation of institutions and sectors. Isa-Tijani, represented by Mrs Kilba Zainab-Uche, Assistant Director Museums, said that  the museum sector must move with new trends of technology development, adding that the traditional role and aspect of museums could not be underestimated. He applauded the commission for setting the standard for other institutions and pledged to support the statutory body for museums whenever the need arises. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.