Hundreds of women across the thirty local government areas of Osun state on Wednesday organised a prayer session to tackle the spate of insecurities in the country. The prayer programme which was held at the state government house on the morning of the day in Osogbo was organized by the wife of the state governor, Mrs Kafayat Oyetola. Speaking at the programme, Mrs Oyetola explained that, the decision to organise the national prayers in all the states of the federation was taken at the Nigerian Governors Wives Forum (NGWF) having observed the dangerous dimensions of insecurity has reached in the nation. She challenged women to go back to their homes and entrench values, love and the virtue of humanity in their household. Her words: “However, the intervention will require that we work. We must start from our homes. Let’s change the culture that places money as the ultimate value of the relationship. “Let us enthrone virtue, let us enthrone love, let us bring back the virtue of humanity that our great grandparents handed down to us.” The programme however attracted women from various religious groups in the state while lectures related to the theme of the prayer were delivered by two front line women leaders in the state.Mrs Remi Wilson and Alhaja Latifat Kolawole. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Osun women organise prayer  Osun women organise prayer Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Osun women organise prayer Osun women organise prayer SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!