A Nonagenarian, Nabara Katoh has committed suicide. She was found hanging in her room at Gonan Rogo village of Kajuru local government of Kaduna State. The reason behind the action of the 90-year-old woman is not yet known. Disclosing this on Tuesday, Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said: “The aged woman reportedly tied a rope around her neck in a room, and took her life for reasons yet unknown as of the time of this update.” Also, the statement added that four people were killed in Goska in Jemaa local government area while two people were killed in Birnin Gwari and Giwa local government area of the state. According to reports, armed bandits invaded Goska community and killed four residents. Those killed were Wakili Kon, Yusuf Joshua, Martha Ayuba and Lami Peter. The statement also added that a woman, Laraba Silas, who sustained injuries from gunshots was rushed to the hospital. “In Birnin Gwari LGA, the bandits killed one Yusuffa Karami at Maikulu while one Fanyo Bello was confirmed dead following gunshot wounds inflicted by bandits at Ungwan Maikuzunniya of Giwa LGA in the early hours of Tuesday. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai who received the reports sent condolences to their families and prayed for the repose of their souls,” the statement added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.