In furtherance of the efforts of the Oyo State Government to reduce to the barest minimum the rising issues of sexual and gender-based violence as well as child abuse and victimisation across the state, the Oyo State Sexual and Gender-Based Violence Response Team (Oyo SGBVRT), last week renewed its partnership with the Oyo State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). The two bodies have been working together seamlessly to address issues of child abuse and violence of various forms since the establishment of the team in 2019 and the NSCDC has been a major part of the success story of the team which has handled over 300 cases successfully. The Corp and the response team renewed their collaborative efforts and partnership during a courtesy visit of the Oyo SGBVRT team to the headquarters of the state command of the NSCDC, to welcome the new Commandant Adaralewa Michael, who had just been deployed to the Oyo State Command. In her address, the head of the Oyo SGBVRT, Mrs Dupe Awosemusi, welcomed Commandant Adaralewa to Oyo State and told him of the role of the Oyo State Sexual and Gender-Based Violence Response Team and what led to the establishment of the body in 2019 as well as the number of cases so far treated by the team and its success stories. She emphasised the role played by the NSCDC in the success story of the team through its officer that is a member of the team, reiterating that without the support of the NSCDC in the state, the Oyo SGBVRT may not have a smooth sail especially in rescuing children who are victims of abuse and victimisation, adding that some of the team’s cases are currently in court while some were amicably resolved. According to her, one of the success stories of the team is the payment of the sum of N2.5M by a company to an employee whose appointment was terminated as a result of his health status. She further informed Commandant Adaralewa about the establishment of the team’s Oyo State Abiyamo Sexual Assault Referral Centre in May, 2021 and solicited continued support from the NSCDC. “We attest to the fact that the NSCDC in Oyo state is a huge part of our success story and we appreciate the support we have been enjoying. We however ask for more considering the fact that the work is far from done and there are still many cases that require intervention. We solicit for more supports from the Commandant and the Command in general,” Awosemusi stated. In his response, Commandant Adaralewa appreciated the team’s visit and pledged his unflinching support for Oyo State SGBVRT at all times. He also notified the team of the efforts of the command in ensuring that people are promptly attended to at all times and thereafter conducted members of the team round the newly established Sick Bay within the command where medical services are rendered to victims of Sexual and Gender-Based Violence and other people who need first aid before being referred to the hospital for further medical support. Commandant Adaralewa Michael was formerly the Commandant, Chemical Biological Radiological and Nuclear Department at the National Headquarters before his redeployment to Oyo Command. He is an educator in CBRNE Emergency Response, detection and response, providing training and motivation for front line officers as well as an FBI-trained Post Blast investigator.  Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.