The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, has described the Sunday attack and killing of over 10 natives of the Igangan community as devastating and dehumanising. He said the gruesome killing was the height of man’s inhumanity to man, just as he sued for calm among the indigenes of the town. In a statement forwarded to Tribune Online, Oba Adeyemi said: “News of the attack on Igangan in Oyo State is a very disheartening, discouraging and a dehumanizing news of the inhumanity of man to man, which is perpetuated by criminal elements amongst Fulanis.” The monarch stated: “The wanton destruction of lives and properties including the palace of the Asigangan of Igangan is quite sad.” While decrying the attack, Oba Adeyemi lamented that “despite all efforts made at curtailing this ugly menace long before it starts staring us in the face in which several Fulanis have been arrested and have been handed over to the police in Oyo State, there has not been any conviction not to talk of diligent prosecution as the arrested Fulanis are back on the street 24hrs after been arrested for various heinous crimes.” Oba Adeyemi, however, appealed for calm as high powered efforts are in place to coordinate with the security agencies and governments at the centre to nip this crisis in the bud. “To all grieving families, all who have lost properties and those displaced, may God console you all at this auspicious times that we are in Allah’s name I pray,” the monarch added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021. VERDICT: False. FULL STORY: Some Nigerian students on May 27, 2021, got an SMS on their mobile phones from TETFund2021, informing them of their eligibility for the ongoing TETFund 20,000 grant. The SMS reads: “Congratulations, You’re eligible to benefit from the ongoing TETFUND N20,000 Grant. You can accept the grant by clicking http://bit.ly/TETFUND-GRANTS today.”Igangan killings devastating, dehumanising ― Alaafin SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.