Three persons suspected to be members of Supreme Vikings Confraternity (aka Around Bagger) have been arrested in Ogwashi Uku, Delta State by the police who also recovered one English automatic pump action gun loaded with two live cartridges. The suspected cultists are Lucky Nwose ‘m’ 23yrs, Somto Azubuike ‘m’ age 18yrs, and Omali Maxwell ‘m’ 18yrs. In a statement by the state police command on Tuesday, detectives from the state anti-cult unit and the special tactical squad had stormed a house at Azungu Quarters Ogwashi-Uku, where the suspects were nabbed. The statement signed by the state police public relations officer, DSP Bright Edafe, said the police received “a distressed call from an unknown caller that four armed men, suspected to be kidnappers shot sporadically at Biokoro extension in Orerokpe and kidnapped one Efe Caroline ‘f’ 38yrs. “Police operatives engaged the hoodlums in a shootout at Okujorogun Community and rescued the victim.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.