Anxiety has enveloped the entire town of Ora- Igbomina in Ifedayo local government area of Osun State following the abduction of a daughter of one Alhaji Bayo Fulani by yet to be identified gunmen. Investigations revealed that the gunmen numbering about ten invaded the residence of Alhaji Fulani in the midnight of today, shot at him repeatedly and when discovered that, their bullets were not penetrating into his body, whisked away his daughter to an unknown place. It was learnt that they were armed with guns, cutlasses, knives clubs, cudgels, broken bottles and other dangerous weapons while lodging an attack on the residence of their victim. The development, however, was said to have thrown the entire community into a state of confusion as residents around the area of the incident, scampered for safety. One of the indigenes of the town who spoke with our correspondent on the condition of anonymity quoted the father of the abducted daughter to have said that, “the gunmen came in their numbers and attempted to kill me.” “They shot at me severally with their AK-47 and two pump actions and when they were unable to overpower me they descended on my daughter and whisked her away. When contacted, Osun State police command spokesperson, Mrs Yemisi Opalola, confirmed the incident and assured that the police would do what is expected of them to apprehend the evil perpetrators. She further assured residents and indigenes of the town of their safety saying, the police would do their best to see that, they are well protected against further attack. The police spokesperson who said, police had been deployed to the scene of the incident, affirmed, “Our men are already in the bush combing the area.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Anxiety in Osun as gunmen kidnapped one in Ora We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Anxiety in Osun as gunmen kidnapped one in Ora Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.