The Abductors of Lukman Ibrahim, a dealer in phone accessories in Offa, Offa local government area of Kwara state, whose pregnant wife was killed last Saturday by suspected gunmen have requested for N30 million ransom. The Nigerian Tribune gathered the latest development from a close family source of the kidnapped victim on Monday evening in Ilorin, who said that the family had only been able to raise N2 million. “They have asked the family to pay N30million ransom before they could release him. But we only have been able to raise N2million which they rejected. “We have already lost a pregnant mother, Hauwa who was hit by their stray bullet when the abductors were shooting randomly during the operation,” the source added. It is recalled that Ibrahim, a phone and accessories dealer in the popular Owode market, Offa town was kidnapped along Ojoku road less than two minutes drive to the Divisional Police Headquarters in the ancient town while driving his father-in-law, the late pregnant wife and one of their children home. The spokesman of the state Police Command, Ajayi Okasanmi, had confirmed the incident adding that “The command is working hard to get the kidnapped victim rescued. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Abductors of Offa phone seller demand N30m ransom  ;  Abductors of Offa phone seller demand N30m ransom  ;  Abductors of Offa phone seller demand N30m ransom  ;  Abductors of Offa phone seller demand N30m ransom. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.