The House of Representatives on Wednesday received a report on the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) from the Adhoc Committee ahead of the passage of the long-awaited bill. Speaker of the House, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila had at the resumption of plenary on Tuesday hinted that the House was ready to pass the bill before its summer break scheduled to begin by the second week of July. Chairman of the Adhoc Committee and Chief Whip of the House, Rep. Mohammed Tahir Monguno presented the final report to the House at plenary on Wednesday. According to him, “That the House do receive the report of the Ad–hoc Committee on Petroleum Industry bill on a bill for an Act to provide Legal, Governance, Regulatory and Fiscal Framework for the Nigerian Petroleum Industry, the Development of Host Communities; and for Related Matters, 2021.” After the official laying of the Report, the Speaker urged members to send their aides to collect copies of the final report on the bill for further study before it is considered at a date to be announced later by the House Leadership. The House is also expected to meet with the Group Managing Director of the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to receive a briefing on the PIB. On Monday, the Northern Caucus held a retreat on the PIB and gave full backing to the speedy passage of Bill. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Reps recieve report  Reps recieve report Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Reps recieve report  Reps recieve report Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.