The operatives of the Delta Police Command have arrested three suspected ritual killers, a native doctor with two human skulls and a container of fresh human blood at Ekpan-Ovu and Nsukwa junction along Ogwashi-Uku/Kwale road in Delta State. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, made the disclosure on Tuesday in a press statement made available to journalists in the state. According to him, “on the 28/6/2021 at about 11:45hrs, Dragon Patrol Team 31, while on stop and search duty at Nsukwa junction along Ogwashi-Uku/Kwale road, intercepted a commuter Toyota Sienna bus travelling from Asaba to Kwale. “All passengers were asked to submit themselves for search and during the search, three suspects were found with a container filled with fresh human blood. “The three suspects namely: Monday Nwite ‘m’ 27yrs, Madabuchi Nweke ‘m’ 26yrs and Nwite Sunday ‘m’ 21yrs all of Ebenta village in Ohaukwu LGA, Ebonyi State, were immediately arrested. “During interrogation, the suspects confessed to have murdered some unknown persons in Ebonyi State and were on their way with the murdered person’s blood to a native doctor whose identity is unknown for now but resides in Kwale. “They were taking the blood to the said native doctor for rituals purposes. One rosary necklace tied with charms was also recovered from them.” DSP Edafe, while giving further details on the native doctor nabbed with two human skulls, said, “on the 24/6/2021 at about 1700hrs, one Ejiro Okoro ‘m’ 35yrs reported that his sister, aged 65yrs who died sometime in 2019 and was buried at Ekpan Ovu, that the corpse was exhumed by an unknown person. “On the strength of this report, the DPO Isiokolo Division swung into action, and detailed police detectives to investigate. “During the course of the investigation, information gathered through intelligence revealed that it was one Godfrey Akpudje ‘m’ 60yrs, who happens to be a native doctor, that exhumed the corpse, and removed the skull. “He was immediately arrested and two human skulls were recovered from him. He said he got one of the human skulls from Osun State from a native doctor who is now late.” While further investigations to the two crimes were ongoing, DSP Edafe quoted the Commissioner of Police, Ari Muhammed Ali, as charging all Divisional Police Officers to step up patrols in their areas of responsibilities, gather intelligence, and make the presence of the police felt in order to rid the state of criminals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Delta police nab 3 ritual killers, native doctor with human skulls, bowl of fresh human blood  ;  Delta police nab 3 ritual killers, native doctor with human skulls, bowl of fresh human blood  ;  Delta police nab 3 ritual killers, native doctor with human skulls, bowl of fresh human blood  ;  Delta police nab 3 ritual killers, native doctor with human skulls, bowl of fresh human blood. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.