The Itsekiri was, on Monday, thrown into mourning as the alleged decomposing bodies of one of its erudite leaders and Emeritus Director of Warri Choral Society, Pa Joe Ayomike and his wife, Chinyere, were discovered in their GRA residence in Warri. Details of what led to their death were still sketchy as of the time of filing the report, but report says detectives from the Area Command, Warri, had reported at the scene at the early hours of Monday. The deceased younger Ayomike is the younger brother to renowned late Itsekiri historian, Pa. Johnson Oritsegbubemi Sunday Ayomike, popularly known as Pa JOS Ayomike. Pa JOS Ayomike was the vibrant and popular former Chairman of Itsekiri Leaders of Thought (LoT) who joined his ancestors on October 4, 2017, at 90. Reports say the younger Ayomike and his wife, popularly known as Lady Chi-Chi, were found dead in their GRA residence, beside Nana College, Warri in Warri Local Government Area of Delta State. It was gathered that the remains of the couple were discovered on Monday morning after welders were mobilized to break into the fortified residence with police supervision. The tragic discovery threw the entire Warri Kingdom, which is still undergoing the funeral rites of the late Olu of Warri, Ogiame Ikenwoli, into further mourning as sympathisers throng the residence. Meanwhile, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta Police Command, DSP Bright Edafe, confirmed the deaths, but could not give details on the possible cause. Late Pa Joe Ayomike attended London School of Economics and Political Science, LSE and had lived in England and reputed to have built the Agura Hotel, the first Five-Star hotel in Abuja City Centre, which was inaugurated in 1986. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Itsekiri leader, wife found dead in their residence in Warri  ;  Itsekiri leader, wife found dead in their residence in Warri  ;  Itsekiri leader, wife found dead in their residence in Warri  ;  Itsekiri leader, wife found dead in their residence in Warri. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.