Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has assured the people of the state of the determination of his administration to tackle insecurity and ensure the protection of lives and property. This was just as he charged people to go about their normal businesses without fear of molestation, assuring that the government would do all within its power to stem the wave of violence in the state. Governor Uzodimma said this in his Sunday message in reaction to the rampant shooting by hoodlums who attempted to attack the Headquarters of the Imo State Police Command, Owerri. He commended the police for working with the Nigerian Army and other security agencies to not only repel the hoodlums, but also for apprehending all of them and recovering seven AK-47 rifles, three pump-action guns, and one busload of explosives that were supposed to be used to burn the police HQ. “You must have heard a great deal of shootings since the early hours of this morning. It was an attempt by the same group of unknown men to release some people under the custody of the police, particularly most of those ones that made confessional statements,” the governor said. Uzodimma pointed out that there was no way the security agencies could have been able to control the level of violence Imo residents had seen in recent time without a few cases of issues of accidental deaths. He said: “That is the price we are paying for the callous nature of some people and the hostility we don’t deserve that is being visited on our people.” The governor insisted that his government would not fold its hands and allow the security and welfare of the people to be trampled upon. He assured that as long as the government was concerned, “we will do everything possible to step up all actions to ensure there is peace and tranquillity in Imo State so that the economy of the state will not diminish by the grace of God.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.