Southwest China’s Tibet Autonomous Region has continued to be one of the best places in the world in terms of environment, maintaining a stable environmental quality in 2020. This is according to a report released on Thursday. The water quality of major rivers and lakes remained good while the air quality of the region continued to be excellent in 2020, noted the report compiled by the region’s ecology and environment department. By the end of 2020, Tibet had built 47 nature reserves measuring a total area of 412,200 square km, which accounts for more than one-third of the region’s total. A total of 214 species of rare and endangered wild plants in the region were listed in the appendix of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, the report noted. The report says that the majority of the protected animal species has seen a significant recovery in their population. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Tibet remains one of world’s best regions in environment Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Tibet remains one of world’s best regions in environment [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.