Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have shot dead the secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State, Hon. Dele Isibor. Isibor who was travelling with three others from Imoru to Ifon was said to be coming from a church programme at the weekend when the kidnappers shot at their vehicle. The APC chieftain was hit by the bullet. The kidnappers were said to have abducted three other passengers in the vehicle, leaving Isibor in the pool of his own blood. The 62-year-old member of the State Executive Committee of the party was later rushed to a hospital where he died as a result of the gunshot wounds on Monday. It was gathered that the three other victims abducted by the gunmen were released after payment of ransom by their families. Meanwhile, the APC in the state confirmed the death of Isibor in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Mr. Alex Kalejaye, who described the killing of Isibor as shocking and devastating. Lamenting over the killing, Kalejaiye said: “Security challenge has been a major focus of the APC-led government in the state, for which so much has been done. “The attack on Isibor and others has again underscored the need for every stakeholder to support the security initiative of the state government to stamp out all forms of criminality. “The party condemns the violent attack on its stalwart which led to his painful exit, at the time the party is warming up for its congress.” The statement read further, “the Ondo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) regrets strongly the death of one of its members, Hon. Dele Isibor. Until his demise, Hon. Isibor was a member of the State Executive Committee of the party. “He was a dependable ally, and deeply committed to the development of APC, particularly in Ose Local Government area, where he was the party’s secretary.” Praying for the repose of his soul, he said “the party condoles with the Isibor family, his community, and the APC fold in Ose, and indeed, Ondo State, asking God to grant us the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.