Local hunters and Yan Tauri ( people of invisible mystic power) yesterday stormed the government house in Birnin-Kebbi demanding the state government to allow them to move into the forest and flush out the bandits immediately. The hunters and the Yan Tauris who were fed up with wanton killings of people especially the farmers in the highly dominated agrarian communities of Kebbi State wanted the government to give them express permission to invade the forest and flush out the bandits to pave the ways for farmers to go back and till the lands. It would be recalled that the local people in Zuru Emirate council known as ‘Yan kasai’ working in collaboration with security operatives successfully neutralized no fewer than eighty bandits in the Kamusu forest of Sakaba LGA where the abducted students of FGC Birnin-Yauri were taken into last Friday. This scenario which has been widely reported on various media platform was a feat adopted by the Yan Kasai group to confront the bandits who have dominated the forests which they believe it can not be better known to the bandits than them who are original owners of the forests and this has led to the rescue of eight students and three staff so far. Based on these achievements Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu at the weekend host the local hunters and mystical men of invisible spirits (known as ‘yan tauri across the state, approved their demand and charged them to go after bandits and all sorts of criminals hibernating in the forests and flush them out of their hideouts. He told them to work with the conventional Security Forces in the state to achieve the desired goal. He also appealed to Security agents not to interfere with the mystic men whenever they are on the move but give them needed support from the rear. The leader of the Hunters and the Yan Tauris, Alhaji Sani Zauro told the governor that they are ready to go after the bandits in wherever location they are in the state and deal with them decisively to free the state from the pains and anguish they have inflicted on the citizens. Alhaji Zauro used the meeting to appeal to the government to help secure the release of two members of the group who had previously displayed their spiritual prowess to dealt with bandits, their informants and criminals but ended up in detention at Abuja. Other members of the group from Arguing, Augie, Bunza, Gwandu, Arewa and Birnin-Kebbi spoke of their readiness to go and flush bandits out without delay. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Kebbi school kidnap: Local hunters charges govt to allow them flush out bandits from forests We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Kebbi school kidnap: Local hunters charges govt to allow them flush out bandits from forests SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!