The Federation of Tourism Association of Nigeria (FTAN), in few weeks from now, will be bringing in new executives to take the federation to a new level that will help the component bodies under FTAN to securely integrate into the new normal occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic that has left the tourism industry in a sorry state. However, there are series of interest from different quarters, pushing for the post of the president among other openings with everyone coming up with manifestoes they think will do the federation better than good to scale up stakeholders capacity. One person who has made his commitment known and ready to not only give his all, but also replicate what he has done in the past for associations, state governments as well as foreign allies to get enviable relevance in the industry is Mr Nkereuwem Onung, the Chairman/CEO, Remlords Tours & Car Hire Services, who is the present Acting President of FTAN and also doubles as Board of Trustee of National association of Tour Operators (NATOP). He has served in many capacities both as a successful businessman and a leader in the tourism industry and has not been associated with any shady issues. Onung, in all modesty, has built a successful and thriving business as and individual and as an association leader. When he took over as President of NATOP the Association had never had an AGM. Outside the Success of helping birth Carnival Calabar, NATOP had no only established itself in Nigeria, but he has also built NATOP from a small organisation into a formidable one in six years Speaking during his public declaration to journalists in Lagos recently, the Acting President of FTAN, Mr Onung, who believed that the federation is one of the best things that can take Nigeria tourism industry to a new level of economic relevance and development of stakeholders desire to fully engage and sustain long overdue private and public sector synergy, said FTAN needs a grand vision that is deep rooted in integrity and capacity. Onung who said he will be starting with a strategic seven point agenda for the federation also. According to the acting president “On resumption, if I am given the mandate to steer the ship of FTAN, I will consolidate on the past gains and order to elevate FTAN to a much higher level of national prominence where the federation will be a point of reference when tourism and other related economy boosting businesses come to play. “I will work round the clock to strengthen and unify component associations of FTAN as well as help to improve sources of funding the tourism development in Nigeria through different strategic partnerships with organisations that are waiting to be tapped while championing the steady growth and development of domestic tourism in Nigeria.” Knowing that synergy is one of the quickest ways out of the present fading phase of the COVID-19 pandemic, Onung said he would also improve the relationship between the associations, governments and international organisations to create a robust leverage and platform for the FTAN to not only restart tourism engagement but also to sustain the future of stakeholders long earned business pedigree. “Without the dynamic trend in the global business that place data in a more significant pedestal for good business planning, growth and sustainability, I will improve data capturing and use of statistics to reflect the relevance of tourism in Nigeria to meet up international trend and standards. “With the eye-opening trend of business during the lockdown, for members to unlock and explore myriad of opportunities of the new normal, I will digitalise, restructure and redesign the secretariat for effectiveness and ease of operations. “With this tip of the iceberg, FTAN will not only attain and sustain its usefulness as an organised umbrella body of the tourism and travel associations in Nigeria, but also effectively and efficiently fulfill its vision, mission, operation, functions and general mandate for the industry.” the Acting President added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Why FTAN needs integrity  Why FTAN needs integrity Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Why FTAN needs integrity  Why FTAN needs integrity SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!