Airtech Aviation Support Services in partnership with the National Association of Airline Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE) has launched a database, which would serve as a single resource point for manpower availability, aviation information and data in the Nigerian aviation sector. The database, AvianQDB, which is the first of its kind in Nigeria’s aviation sector, Airtech would also provide a platform for industry’s professionals to register their profiles and upload certificates and licenses, making them visible to prospective employers. Speaking, the Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Airtech Aviation Support Services, Mr Bukola Nzegqu assured that information on the database were secured, stressing that the company would make the platform accessibly with a token fee. According to him, the certificates and licenses uploaded on the database platform would be secured in Digital Ocean’s cloud and can be retrieved online for personal use by the professionals when needed. His words: “The database will provide visibility for aviation professionals to prospective airlines and aviation companies. Employers will access the database for a token fee. The database will provide skill gap analysis between what the industry needs and available manpower. It will also help track job market trend. “AvianQDB also has a unique feature that will send an email prompt to remind registered professionals when licenses will expire so as to ensure aviation professionals always possess updated licenses to operate. “The platform will also serve as depository of relevant local and international aviation information through feeds and links to aviation agencies.” Nzegwu, however, emphasised that the initial launch of Avian QDB would start with manpower availability for pilots and engineers, adding that work was ongoing to add the other skills to the database platform. In his comment, President, NAAPE, Comrade Abednego Galadina expressed delight at the launch of the platform and the association’s partnering with Airtech. Declaring that AVIANQDB would serve as one-shop for aviation manpower solutions, Abednego reiterated that the development of the database was in line with the association’s mandate to promote and protect the welfare and well-being of its members. He encouraged all aviation stakeholders, especially pilots and engineers in the country to patronise the platform even as he assured that the application would provide tremendous benefits for both employers and employees, stressing that it would also serve as a good guide for policy and decision makers.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!