A final year Law student of the University of Calabar has been on the run for the rape of a minor who unsuspectingly went to seek for a job in a hotel where a vacancy was advertised in Calabar. The alleged rapist, Mr Emmanuel Friday Udofah committed the crime in a hotel he manages, Specs Investment Limited located in State Housing Estate, Calabar Municipality. Mr Udofah had placed a notice of vacancy in front of the hotel where the victim whose name is withheld, unsuspectingly applied. According to an eyewitness who pleaded to speak in anonymity, “What was supposed to be an interview turned out to be rape as she was pushed into one of the rooms and was repeatedly raped.” The State Chairperson of Child Protection Network, (CPN), Barrister James Ibor disclosed that, “the victim which he knowingly defiled is still in critical condition, we are tracking him and will bring him to justice.” Barrister James Ibor who is the Principal Counsel, Basic Rights Counsel Initiative, (BRCI), condemned the act and urged all and sundry to support the fight against child abuse. The Cross River State Commissioner of Police, CP Sikiru Akande warned that Cross Riverians and dwellers should be aware of fraudulent job advertisements. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Man rapes job-seeking minor in Calabar Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Man rapes job-seeking minor in Calabar SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.