Former Governor of Ondo State, Olusegun Mimiko, on Tuesday, affirmed that President Muhammadu Buhari will not be remembered by the number of kilometres of standard gauge railway constructed or Second Niger Bridge but tackling the spate of insecurity ravaging the country. Mimiko gave the charge in Abuja, during the 71st birthday celebration of Hon Joseph Akinlaja and Book Launch titled: ‘Labour, Politics and Grace’, during which he expressed grave concern over the State of the nation. While affirming that the National Assembly is incapacitated to do away with the 1999 Constitution (as amended) in its current form, he called for additional powers that will enable the National Assembly to initiate a new Constitution that will serve a heterogeneous multi-ethnic, multinational, multi-religious country like Nigeria and enable the federating units to have a level of semi-autonomy. “The other issue I also want to mention is the fact that the National Assembly has always said that they do not have the mandate to do away with the Constitution. And they are correct because it is the only amendment clause that is in the Constitution of Nigeria. They can’t do away with the Constitution but can we seize the opportunity of this Constitution to also put a clause there that empowers the National Assembly to set aside the Constitution if they have to. “It is in the Constitution of Switzerland, Switzerland has an amendment clause in the Constitution which says that this Constitution can also be done away with so that we can start afresh. And starting afresh means convoking a constituent Assembly which will be elected and whatever is the result, be ratified through a referendum. “Even if it’s that Clause that is out into the amendment, I’m sure the whole of Nigeria will thank you, then at the appropriate time we will do away with this Constitution. And come forward with a truly federal Constitution that would serve a heterogeneous multi-ethnic, multinational, multi-religious country like Nigeria and I think a restructured Nigeria where the federating units have a level of semi-autonomy will be able to drive this country forward. “I’m saying this because whether we like it or not, we are perching at the precipices and anybody that does not recognize it must probably be living in Saturn or outer space. This country is perching on precipices and all men of goodwill must rise to pull the country back, creating narrative, moderation, the time calls for it. “At the end of the day the buck stops at the table of Mr President, and I call Mr President he’s an Executive President of this country and I say with all respect now, that you can determine your own legacy and legacy can also be imposed on you. “I dare say, and with all sense of responsibility, that Mr President will not be judged by the number of a kilometre of standard gauge railway, history will not judge his accomplishment through the Second Niger Bridge, but to what extent he rides up and addresses insecurity in our nation. This is the time to face our challenges as a nation and we shall conquer,” Mimiko urged. In his remarks, former Secretary-General of National Union of Petroleum and Gas Workers (NUPENG), Francis Kokori, narrated how the oil workers frustrated the military junta out of the office and his experience in a desert cell in Bama for 4 years in solitary confinement fighting for freedom and democracy for our country. “The country today enjoys democracy, no matter how benevolent the military regime is, the worst democracy is better than the military regime. “That is why we sacrificed so much with deprivation to bring the military to an end and if you imagine how ruthless Abacha was, how ruthless Babangida was, and we, I could stand to sit in the NLC – Imoudu hall with Akinlaja and two other persons and give the military 7-day ultimatum even when the NADECO has given them two weeks and they refused to do anything; but NUPENG gave them 7-days ultimatum and who are these NUPENG people? Look at them, the Tanker drivers that are treated like orphans. They were using kiosks like road transport workers and NNPC will push their kiosks away,” Kokori recalled. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021.History will not judge you by kilometres of railway, Second Niger Bridge constructed but insecurity, Mimiko tells Buhari History will not judge you by kilometres of railway, Second Niger Bridge constructed but insecurity, Mimiko tells Buhari BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.