Nigeria’s Postmaster General, Dr Ismail Adebayo Adewusi, has emerged as the second vice-chairperson of the Pan-African Postal Union’s 10th Session, after an election that took place in Zimbabwe at the weekend. Adewusi was elected second vice-chairperson at the end of the 10th Ordinary Session of the PAPU Plenipotentiary Conference held at Victoria Falls. While Zimbabwe, which hosted the conference, was elected chairperson, Algeria emerged the first chairperson to run the affairs of the continental body for the next four years. The body is to run the affairs of PAPU as an international bureau. The postmaster general of ZimPost, Mr Sifundu Chief Moyo, was elected secretary-general of PAPU. It is the first time a southern African country would be elected to the position in the 41 years of existence of PAPU. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Nigerian elected vice-chairman of Pan-African Postal Union’s 10th Session  ;  Nigerian elected vice-chairman of Pan-African Postal Union’s 10th Session  ;  Nigerian elected vice-chairman of Pan-African Postal Union’s 10th Session  ;  Nigerian elected vice-chairman of Pan-African Postal Union’s 10th Session. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.