Co-creation Hub (CcHUB) has announced a partnership with Google for Startups to lead the disbursement of the Black Founders Fund Africa. The fund would provide grants and technical support to early-stage startups in Africa to grow their companies and create meaningful impact in their communities. Mr Bosun Tijani, the Chief Executive Officer of Co-creation hub, in a statement late last week, said it was heartwarming to see Google’s continued commitment to strengthening and elevating the start-up ecosystem in Africa. “Google was one of the early believers in tech entrepreneurs across Africa and the evolution of the support over the last 10 years, reflect a thoughtful and contextualised commitment. “This programme will not only empower founders across the continent but also deepen the pipeline and unlock follow-on funding from both local and foreign investors. It is extremely timely,” he said. He said  the fund, which is a  non-dilutive (equity-free) fund, would be allocated across a pipeline of 50 investable early-stage startups in Africa and select companies would receive the fund. “Up to 100,000 dollars in cash awards, each startup will receive either 50,000 or 100,000 dollars. “Funding varies according to each startup’s product development stage, current needs and how much they’ve already raised. “There will be 220,000 dollars in Google Cloud Credits and Ad Grants, mentoring, technical and scaling assistance from the best of Google and its resources,” he noted. He said  the eligible startup would be the one headquartered in Africa or has a legal presence on the continent with a founding team that was diverse, with at least one Black C-level founding member. “A technology startup with a live product in market or business where technology is core to their ability to scale (not for consultancies or not-for-profits). “A startup with services that is compatible with Google products,“ he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.