The Minister of Transportation, Hon. Rotimi Amaechi has expressed satisfaction with the automated ticketing solutions offered by Transport Payment Solutions, a subsidiary of SecureID Limited, Africa’s industry leader in smart card manufacturing and personalisation. The Minister recently paid a visit to the company’s manufacturing plant in Isolo, Lagos, where he witnessed several state-of-the-art equipment and technology used to install access control for turnstile e-gates at train stations, automated fare collection systems, among others. The company has stated that its ticketing solutions are designed to engender seamless transportation experiences for many Nigerians across various platforms, including railway, road and water. During the visit, Amaechi was impressed with the company’s capacity to manufacture all types of cards including transport cards and solutions, which enable commuters to book seats and pay for fares from the comfort of their phones. Transport Payment Solutions Limited, which is an indigenous company says it is committed to demonstrating Nigeria’s capability to be a manufacturer of first-rate automated ticketing solutions in line with global best practices. The company has stated some of its technologies will make it faster and more seamless for Nigerians to move around, which will have a major impact on the economy. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state..  Minister visits SecureID’s Transport Payment Solutions (TPS) company  ;  Minister visits SecureID’s Transport Payment Solutions (TPS) company  ;  Minister visits SecureID’s Transport Payment Solutions (TPS) company  ;  Minister visits SecureID’s Transport Payment Solutions (TPS) company. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!