The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Directorate of Road Traffic Services (DRTS) otherwise known as Vehicle Inspection Office (VIO), on Monday, impounded about 115 commercial motorcycles also known as okada in Kubwa area of Bwari Area Council, Abuja. Head of FCT DTRS task team, Mr Adamu Shehu Maiwada, while addressing newsmen, said the operation was aimed at riding the city of the environmental and security concerns from the operations of commercial motorcyclists within Kubwa and prohibited areas of the nation’s capital city. He explained that the activities of Okada had since been banned in Kubwa and other designated places in the city, but the operators continued to constitute nuisance in the city. According to him: “Preliminary report generated so far revealed that we have caught over one hundred and fifteen motorcycles during today (Monday)’s operation in Kubwa. “Every day, we are out there on the streets, clamping down on contravening okada riders, which we will continue until the order is maintained. “In order to sustain the tempo of this kind of raid, we are going to keep going after them to ensure that there is strict compliance with the ban on operations of commercial motorcyclists in anywhere around Kubwa and other parts of the city centre,” he insisted. It was a joint operation with FCTA Command and Control Task team on city Sanitation which lasted for hours within Kubwa metropolis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.