No fewer than 27 people have been reportedly killed by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Sunday in the Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State. The attackers were reported to have invaded the Odugbeho community in the local government between 5:00 pm and 5:30 pm. A native who mentioned his name to be Dan told Tribune Online that the attackers stormed the community even when some people were burying their dead. Dan also hinted that the attackers came in their numbers and unleashed terror on the community. Dan said: “The herdsmen were believed to have come from Nasarawa State and attacked in a guerrilla-style. “Unfortunately, on Sunday was a market day and some people in the community were burying their dead when they observed that herdsmen had invaded. The State Chairman of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), John Ngbede, also told our correspondent on the phone that 25 corpses have been recovered and buried. Ngbede who is a political leader in the local government said: “A leader in the village told me this morning that 25 corpses have been found and buried and people are in the bush searching for missing persons. “The local government chairman with security operatives have gone to the affected community this morning, when they are back, we will be able to know the actual number of people that died. While confirming the attack, the council chairman, Adohi Sule, said that the militia herders stormed the community between 5:00 pm and 5:30 pm where they killed 27 people. Sule explained that the attackers invaded the community when some people were burying their dead and others were in the market. Sule added: “We are just coming back from the community, 27 people were found killed and the herdsmen attacked and fled. The State Command Public Relations Officer, DSP,  Catherine Anene, has confirmed the attack on Odugbeho community in the local government area of Benue State on Sunday Anene said the Commissioner of Police, Audu Madaki, had ordered the deployment of more policemen to the area and said that the number of victims is yet to be known. She said, “The Agatu attack is confirmed and the commissioner of police has deployed more police officers to manage the incident and forestall further breakdown of law and order. “Number of victims is yet to be ascertained as officers are still engaged in stabilising the area.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021. Suspected herdsmen kill 27 in Agatu SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.