SHAREHOLDERS of TAJBank Limited have commended the board and management of the bank for its impressive performance in its first year of operations, promising continued commitment to the realisation of the vision and mission of the innovation-driven lender in the years ahead. During the financial year, the bank reported outstanding improvements in its gross earnings, which rose from by 6,066 per cent in the financial year to N3.456 billion; 471 per cent growth in Profit Before Tax (PBT); deposit growth rate of 1,524 per cent, Return on Equity rose by 361 per cent and exponential growth in customer base from 1,809 to 103,853, among other positive performance indices. Speaking during a post-AGM interactive session with journalists at the bank’s second Annual General Meeting (AGM) held in Abuja, one of the leading shareholders of the bank, Alhaji Lawal Garba, said the shareholders were “very happy with the board and management of the bank for the impressive performance recorded during the year, particularly on the innovation that they have brought into non-interest banking in Nigeria. “We are also very impressed with their entrepreneurship drive which has impacted on the way the bank is growing and we are all very impressed and wish the bank more successful years ahead. “Also, we are want to encourage the management to continue with the mandate they have been given by redoubling their efforts towards the full realisation, though the efforts they have put in so far have been commendable. Overall, we are very impressed with their superlative performance”, Garba added. Earlier in his address at the AGM, the bank’s chairman,  Alhaji Tanko Isiaku Gwamna, noted that the 2020 financial year was a remarkable year for the bank in terms of investment, market penetration, growth, expansion and strong financial and strategic performance that enabled the bank to position itself as one of Nigeria growing banks. He linked the lender’s superlative performances to exceptional service delivery, robust investments and deployment of critical technologies and solutions and responsive operational system. Alhaji Gwamna restated the bank’s commitment to value-addition for all its shareholders and the Nigerian financial system, stressing that TAJBank’s sustainability is guaranteed by the expansive value it is creating for its shareholders, customers, employees and all stakeholders. He assured: “Our commitment to the creation of optimal shareholders’ value remains solid and expansive.” Noting the increasing roles of social media as an indispensable tool for customer relationship management, value addition and complaint resolution, the seasoned non-interest banker pointed out that TAJBank had leveraged on investments in key technologies to improve its visibility on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and WhatsApp. Alhaji Gwamna pointed out that although TAJBank’s priority was to ensure optimum performance and value addition across all stakeholders, the bank’s medium and long term target “is to be among the recipients of key awards on product and service innovation, consistently transparent corporate governance practices and service excellence” through the utilization of its creative workforce and excellent management team. He also harped on the bank’s relentless efforts to upscale its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities in line with its vision of funding programmes and projects that promote financial inclusion, economic prosperity, equal access to opportunities, sustainable development and promote global prosperity in its host communities and the larger Nigerian society. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.