Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Bello, has assured the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) of judicious distribution of Agro-Allied facilities donated to the state by the agency. The governor who was represented by his deputy, Alhaji Ahmed Mohammed Ketso, stated this when he received the NEMA Head of Abuja Operations, Hajiya Zainab Suleiman Saidu in his office at the Government House, Minna. Earlier speaking, Hajiya Saidu said that the Federal Government has approved Agro-Allied facilities for farmers in the state. She further disclosed that the approval will help farmers enhance their production to guarantee bumper harvest for this year’s farming season. Hajiya Saidu said that they were in Niger to inform the governor that the enumeration of some selected farmers will commence immediately across the three senatorial districts of the state with the flag off starting with Minna, in Niger East Senatorial District of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…