The orgy of violence in Imo State continued early hours of Sunday as arsonists reportedly razed the houses of the state Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Declan Mbadiwe Emelumba, and that of the Oru West Local Government Area (LGA) chairman, Chief Willy Okolieogwo. The incident occurred when hoodlums stormed the commissioner’s country home in Ubulu-Ihejiofor Community in Oru West Local Government Area and set it on fire. The hoodlums immediately after they razed the house, moved to Nempi village, the country home of the Interim Local Government Chairman of Oru West LGA, Chief Willy Okolieogwo where they equally set his house ablaze. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Chief Declan Mbadiwe Emelumba, who happens to be one of the kitchen cabinet members of Governor Hope Uzodimma, confirmed the incident to journalists in the state. The incident came barely two months after Uzodimma’s house was equally set ablaze at his country home in Omuma in Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State. A villager who did not want his name mentioned, told Tribune Online in Owerri that the community is now living in fear. According to him, “It was a tragic night and nobody slept last night,” adding that the people are just coming out from the bush. “The shooting was much and people had to take cover,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.