Nigerian rapper and singer, Falz is not happy with President Muhammadu Buhari’s statement which said his administration would treat those destroying institutions of government with the language they understand. The President in a statement shared on his verified Twitter account had said many of those misbehaving today are too young to be aware of the destruction and loss of lives that occurred during the Nigerian civil war, threatening to treat them with the language they understand. The statement which did not sit down well with many Nigerians both home and abroad including Falz, who is the son of legal luminary Chief Femi Falana, has been generating reactions and arguments on social media platforms. Falz who quoted the tweet with his response asked if the President had treated Boko Haram, kidnappers and bandits with the language they understand? Describing the President’s tweet as rubbish, Falz said “What is this? Have you treated Boko Haram with the “language they understand”? What about the kidnappers & bandits ? Today you go London, tomorrow Paris. You are now coming here to tweet rubbish.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Treat Boko Haram, Kidnappers with the language they understand, Falz slams Buhari Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Treat Boko Haram, Kidnappers with the language they understand, Falz slams Buhari [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.