Contrary to claims, in some quarters, of a cold war between Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), and the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), and the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), the church has described its relationship with those religious bodies, and others, as cordial. A spokesperson for the Church, Dr Gary Tonge made this clarification, in Lagos, on Tuesday, at a press briefing organized by the Church to intimate the public of its laying- to- rest service for its late founder, Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua. Tonge argued that the church was built on divine love, by the late prophet, and therefore could not afford to hold grudges against individuals or groups. He added that the fact that CAN, of late, commiserated with the Church on the passing of its founder, bore eloquent testimonies to the fact that such rifts never existed between the Church and the religious bodies. “T.B. Joshua was a friend to all, and this ministry will continue with that legacy. The ministry also remains a friend to all, and I want to believe that is symbiotic,” he added. According to him, the Church had put in place plans at ensuring that the funeral rites of Prophet T.B. Joshua, scheduled to hold between July 5 and 11th, this year, was hitch-free. Tonge disclosed that the church would be collaborating with the Lagos State government, the state’s Ministry of Health and the different security apparatus in the state, to ensure that all the protocols regarding COVID 19, were strictly adhered to. “We are also talking to the D.S.S., the Nigerian Police, the NSCDC, the Nigerian Army and the Federal Road Safety Corps, among others to ensure the safety of lives and properties of our visitors,” he stated. He added that while the Church would have loved to grant every individual, desirous to be part of the one-week event, entrance, the realities on the ground, especially the need to adhere to the Covid 19 protocol had made such desire impossible. “That is why we are encouraging as many people as possible to link up with the Ministry’s TV channel since they would have the opportunity to watch the event live on that channel, throughout the one week,” he added. The ministry’s spokesperson also stated that, since the demise of the prophet on June 5, this year, the followership base of TB Joshua Ministries Facebook Page had increased by 600,000, bringing it to a total of 6.2million, of late. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Our relationship with CAN, PFN, cordial  ;  Our relationship with CAN, PFN, cordial  ;  Our relationship with CAN, PFN, cordial  ;  Our relationship with CAN, PFN, cordial. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.