As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) announced June 18, 2022, as the date for the governorship election in Ekiti State, a security expert, Dr Oludotun Adetunberu, has called on the aspirants to be real and practical in their campaign promises in the overall interest of the residents. Adetunberu who was speaking with newsmen in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital harped on the need for potential aspirants to the number one seat in the state prided as the land of honour to put in place structures and processes that would restore the lost glory of the state. The security scholar, according to a statement signed by his media manager, Iyiola Oluborode emphasized that Ekiti state has resources that could make her self-sufficiency if tapped into and well managed. He charged the leadership of all political parties in the state to “screen their aspirants thoroughly in the interest of the generality of the people of the state both home and abroad.” According to the security rights activist, “the people are tired of rhetorics “rescue, liberation” missions as they are fed up with unrealistic pen and paper administration devoid of responsive governance. “Our people now prefer a Governor that will not cripple the local government administration or come with a promise of world-class University and later to turn the existing one to a worst class University,” he said. He maintained that voters must be jettison with the idea of selling their votes to politicians on the day of the election which he stressed has been a major challenge towards achieving good governance. On the level of insecurity in the land, he charged South-West governors, ” to stop complaining or unrealistic help that may not come rather they should take actions to secure their people in line with the constitutional provision. ” They should make both the Police Community Relations Unit, Intelligent and Security Unit of the Local Government to be more effective for proper intelligence gathering and genuinely engaged the traditional rulers.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.Ekiti’s resources can make state self-sufficient, says don Ekiti’s resources can make state self-sufficient, says don SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!