Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, has charged United Nations Deputy Secretary-General, Amina Muhammed, to influence the improvement of a global standard of health. In a statement signed by the Director of Media & Public Relations, Olusegun Adetola, Ehanire who spoke while hosting the Deputy Secretary-General of the UN in his office in Abuja urged her to deploy her influence in helping humanity. The Minister also used the opportunity to felicitate the United Nations Deputy General Secretary on her 60th birthday and also congratulated her on her reappointment as the Deputy General Secretary of the United Nations. Mohammed was Minister of Environmental Mohammed and Senior Special Assistant to the President of Nigeria on the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). In her response, the Deputy General Secretary of the United Nations, Hajiya Amina Muhammad, appreciated the Ministry of health for its unique performance in terms of an operational system for improvement in the health sector especially in the dissemination of information on COVID- 19 protocol to the generality of Nigeria by putting the effect of the pandemic to the barest minimum. The Deputy Scribe promised to continue to represent the good people of Nigeria in order to achieve the global mutual tie to foster unity among the member nations. The event was witnessed by the Honourable Minister of State for Health, Dr Olorunnimbe Mamora, the Permanent Secretary, Mr Abdulazeez Machi Abdullahi, and other top management staff of the Ministry. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Use your position to improve standard of health globally, Ehanire urges Deputy UN Scribe Use your position to improve standard of health globally, Ehanire urges Deputy UN Scribe Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.