THE Board of Total Nigeria Plc has approved a total dividend of N2.06 billion representing N6.08 per share for the 2020 financial year at the 43rd Annual General Meeting of the company. This is according to an official disclosure sent to the Nigerian Exchange Group Limited (NGX) and signed by the company’s secretary, Bunmi Popoola-Mordi. According to the notice: “It was resolved that a dividend of N6.08 per share as recommended by the directors be and is hereby payable on Friday 18th June, 2021 to all holders of ordinary shares whose names appear in the Register of Members at close of business on the 16th of April, 2021 subject to deduction of withholding tax at the rate applicable on the date of payment.’’ Sequel to this, the approved dividend rate of N6.08 per share will be paid on all the issued 339,521,837 ordinary shares of the company. It will be recalled that Total Nigeria Plc reported a profit after tax of N2.24 billion in Full Year 2020, indicating a dip of 1.55 per cent when compared to the sum of N2.28 billion recorded in the corresponding period of 2019. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.