Renowned cleric, Prophet S.K. Abiara has said the ministry the late popular cleric and founder of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), Pastor T.B. Joshua, left behind cannot die, adding the he would not relent in prayers and support for the progress of the ministry. Abiara made this known during a courtesy call on Joshua’s widow, Evelyn, and family, last Thursday, just as he prayed that God will grant them fortitude to bear the loss. “TB Joshua is a real man of God and we can see the evidence in his ministry. We love him and he was our son. We had a good relationship. We related together so much and I loved his work. Who are we to query God? Whatever we don’t understand, He has a clear understanding of. One day, we will all receive the call. But the good news is in John 14 vs 1 ‘Do not let your heart be troubled. Trust and believe in me’. He said he has gone to prepare a place for us and would come back to take us to his bosom. So, we must not allow our hearts to be troubled at all, God Himself took him to his bosom and we thank God for his life. He is dead, but his works are still speaking after him. He has done a great work such that people cannot forget him. His works had affected millions of lives. “We thank God for his life and sympathise with his wife, children and the church at large. I also want to encourage the church to stand by the ministry, despite TB Joshua’s passing, because his spirit and the power of anointing remain with the church. We must stay and continue with the work of God. This is how we can show that we love God and the visioner. God bless you all,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!