A gas tanker has exploded resulting in a fire outbreak at OPIC Plaza/Sheraton Hotel area of Maryland, Ikeja in Lagos on Thursday. According to Dr Olufemi Damilola Oke-Osanyintolu, the DG/CEO of the Lagos State Emergency Agency (LASEMA), the agency responded to a distress call shortly before midnight on Thursday concerning an exploding gas tanker that was moving inward Ikeja at the above location. The resultant explosion affected the OPIC Plaza leading to an inferno that damaged 22 parked vehicles within the premises, the agency noted. The LASEMA DG stated that “First responders worked to control the spread to the adjacent properties as well as the nearby petrol station until 0400hrs Friday. Thirteen people were rescued, nine males, four females they sustained various degree of burns and were provided with pre-hospital care before taking to Lagos State health facilities for further treatment. “A combined team of agency firefighters, Lagos Fire Service and the Federal fire Service were coordinated by the agency while the Director of Lagos Fire Services, the Honorable Commissioner, Ministry of Special Duties, the Commissioner of Police were also in attendance at the scene. “The affected truck has been moved, the entire affected area cordoned off and post disaster assessment ongoing.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!