First Bank of Nigeria Ltd on Thursday announced the promotion of 1,179 employees to new grades as part of the year-end appraisal outcomes. The Chief Executive Officer of FirstBank, Dr Adesola Adeduntan, disclosed in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. Adeduntan said the promotion exercise was a demonstration of the bank’s commitment to empowering its employees and driving productivity against all odds. He said the resilience, sustainable performance and growth of FirstBank in the past 127 years was largely attributable to efforts of the employees. “Promotion is one of the numerous incentives we employ to reward our employees and boost their passion as they work toward the accomplishment of their individual career goals as well as the delivery of the bank’s strategic objectives. “In this regard, the promotions serve to specially thank our employees who worked assiduously with dedication throughout the unprecedented times of the COVID-19 pandemic. “As a bank, we are committed to grooming and retaining top talents who are motivated to demonstrate and live our core values of entrepreneurship, professionalism, innovation and customer-centricity. “FirstBank has a clearly defined career growth and talent programmes that cater for the leadership development needs of employees across levels. “These include the Senior Management Development Programme (SMDP), Leadership Acceleration Programme (LAP) and FirstBank Management Associates Programme (FMAP),” he said. Adeduntan said the SMDP was the bank’s intensive modular programme for a select group of senior managers and principal managers who were proven leaders in their respective functions and had been identified as central to the bank’s succession plan. He said the bank since its inaugural edition in 2017, had graduated 52 senior staff through the programme. “The LAP was specifically designed to infuse critical leadership and change agents within the middle management staff cadre (Assistant Manager – Manager Grade) of the bank.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.