The Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Ibrahim Muhammad will on Monday swear in 18 judges to the office of Justice of the Court of Appeal. Among those to be sworn in are Justice Adebukola Banjoko of High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, who had on May 30, 2018, sentenced the former Governor of Taraba State, Jolly Nyame to a maximum of 14 years without an option of fine. Similarly, on June 12, 2018, Justice Banjoko convicted former Governor of Plateau State, Joshua Dariye and sentenced him to 14 years imprisonment for criminal breach of trust and two years jail term for criminal misappropriation. In a letter addressed to the Chief Judge of FCT High Court Abuja, and signed by the Chief Registrar, Hadizatu Mustapha, “The CJN invites your lordship to the swearing-in ceremony of the following Justices of the Court of Appeal, Abuja on Monday, 28th June 2021 by 10 am at the main courtroom of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.” The names of the newly appointed appellate court justices with their states of origin are Danlami Zama Senchi (Kebbi); Mohammed Danjuma (Niger State); Muhammad Ibrahim Sirajo (Plateau); Abdul-Azeez Waziri (Adamawa); Yusuf A. Bashir (Taraba); Usman A. Musale (Yobe); Ibrahim Wakili Jauro (Yobe); Abba Bello Mohammed (Kano); Bature Isah Gafai (Katsina) and Mohammed Lawal Abubakar (Sokoto). Others are Hassan Muslim Sule (Zamfara); Hassan Muslim Sule (Zamfara); Kenneth Ikechukwu Amadi (Imo); Peter Oyinkenimiemi Affen (Bayelsa); Sybil Onyeji Gbagi (Delta); Olasunbo Goodluck (Lagos); Adebukola Banjoko (Ogun); Olabode Adegbehingbe (Ondo) and Bola Samuel Ademola (Ondo). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Judge who jailed Dariye, Nyame, 17 others to be sworn-in as Appeal Court justices Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.