Coronation   Asset   Management Limited has listed six banks:  Zenith Bank; GT Bank; Access Bank; FBN Holdings; UBA, and Stanbic IBTC as lenders which profitability has improved over the last 10 years. These banks it noted, have adapted successfully to many changes in interest rates over the10 years from 2010 to 2020. Therefore, they are well-positioned for any rise in rates in 2021. In its latest and unique   10-year   study of the   margins   and   profitability of the banks titled: “ Nigerian Banks, Resilience Built In,” the firm says Nigerian banks’ earnings have   been   remarkably   resilient   over   the   interest   rate   cycle. Released on Monday; it noted that the banks’  profitability is improving over time and their stock  values are remarkably cheap compared to Ghanaian and Kenyan bank stocks. The   report,   written   by   Ope   Ani   and   Guy   Czartoryski   of   Coronation   Research, examine what has  happened within  the  Nigerian  Banking industry in the last 10years. “While   underlying   growth   in   assets   has   been   elusive,   especially   when   data   are adjusted for inflation, profitability has generally improved,” the report read in part. The return on average equity (RoAE) and return on average assets (RoAA) of the six banks studied have both   converged   and   improved   over   10   years it further added. This   trend   appears   to   be   under-appreciated by investors, and the report shows the positive investment potential in the sector” says Guy Czatoryski a Senior Research Analyst at Coronation Research. According to the report, a banking system can support a high Cash Reserve Requirement (CRR), so long as depositors do not turn up at their banks, all at once, and demand their money, or spend it electronically outside the banking system. The CRR it stated,  relies on the existence of a pool of stable deposits. However, the point is reached where banks become short of  liquid  funds  and  encounter  problems  dealing  with  their  customers’  demands  for  liquidity. Such problems were addressed in December 2020 when the CBN issued N5.0 trillion of Special Bills back to the banks, an amount roughly equivalent to their Excess CRR with the CBN. Coronation Research is a division of Coronation Asset Management which covers full-fledged investment services across various asset classes to the entire spectrum of investors: major institutions, smaller niche institutions & corporates, public sector, cooperatives and high net-worth individuals. The Firm’s services include fund solutions (money market fund, fixed income fund and  balanced  fund),  portfolio  management  (discretionary  and  non-discretionary), advisory   services   as   well   as   fund   administration   and   trustee   services   covered through   its subsidiary,  Coronation  Trustees   Limited.  Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.