It was pure excitement for environmentalists and recycling enthusiasts when the first waste museum came alive in the city of Ibadan at an event that coincided with this year’s World Environment Day held on June 5. Ibadan is a city that has already witnessed many firsts – first TV station, first teaching hospital, first stadium. However, according to Jumoke Olowookere who birthed the idea of a waste museum, the motivation for its inception goes beyond being just the first. Olowookere who is the founder and creative director of African Creative Sustainable Synergy Hub that runs the waste museum said waste itself is an inspiration to her. “Each time we meet a new person and we are talking about Waste to Wealth. “I always see the transformation whenever they see some of our products that we have made from waste. I realised that seeing is believing as many people don’t believe you can actually turn a waste into exquisite works until they see it. And once they see it they become a disciple. “They are willing to join us to Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Refuse, Repair and Upcycle wastes – our 5Rs&U. “So I thought of having a waste museum to showcase different works. I started googling and searching and realised again that’s there’s nowhere near that you can find this. So this brings me to my next question, why don’t I do it? So…I started working on it! The first in Africa!” Inside this waste museum there are various art works made of vehicle tyres, plastics, nylon, cans, styrofoam even food wastes. The artworks are not the creation of Olowookere alone. They are result of a collaboration with other waste artists, including interns  and students from different schools that the HUb has worked with over the years. The creative director of the museum hinted that the museum is open to the public but on appointment for now and for a fee, depending on if it is just for a visit or for a workshop. Olowookere shares what she hopes to achieve with this museum: “We want to showcase the beauty that is embedded in wastes. We want people to see that wastes can be turned into wonders. “So we do a lot of explorations into new ways that waste can be used in gardens, building homes, and for healthier living and education. “Another wonderful thing about the Waste Museum is that, we are actually working on creating a perfect ecosystem where plants, animals and humans can live together in harmony – living off each other to create a circular economy practically.” Explaining further she said, “You will see different species of indigenous and foreign plants in four categories: food, herbs, ornamentals and air purifiers. You will also see animals that contribute to our ecosystem then you will see the arts and decors made from wastes. So it’s a beautiful experience for every one of our guests. A life changing one! We want anyone who steps into the Waste Museum to have a lifestyle change that supports the environment and to be inspired to do more with their wastes!” The founder of African Creative Sustainable Synergy Hub said that education is the major solution to indiscriminate dumping of wastes. According to her, people are willing to change when they know the truth about how their actions and inactions affect not only themselves but also their future generations and the environment at large most people. She added that there should be consequences for wrongdoing. “If there is consequences for doing the wrong thing, then there will be a change in attitude to avoid the penalty for that bad behaviour.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.