Three people were on Wednesday morning crushed to death by a trailer loaded with products of a popular soft drink company at the Total Garden area of Ibadan, Oyo State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the victims of the accident were a commercial motorcyclist and his two passengers. A witness, Mr Joel Idowu, told NAN that the fully-loaded trailer killed the victims in front of BOVAS Filling Station while the cyclist was trying to overtake the truck. Idowu said that some angry youths and motorcyclists at the scene attempted to set the trailer ablaze. He said they were prevented by the security operatives who were shooting sporadically into the air to scare them. However, normalcy had since returned to the area as police personnel had towed the vehicle to their office, while remains of the victims had been moved to the morgue. When contacted, Mrs Uche Chukwurah, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in the state, confirmed the incident in a telephone interview with NAN. Chukwurah said that five people were involved in the accident, with three confirmed dead and two others injured. She attributed the likely cause of the accident to brake failure on the part of the trailer. Chukwurah said that the injured persons were receiving treatment at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, while the dead had been deposited at the morgue of the same hospital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Trailer loses brake, crushes three people on commercial motorcycle to death in Ibadan Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Trailer loses brake, crushes three people on commercial motorcycle to death in Ibadan