Tragedy struck, on Saturday night, at tue Uselu area of Benin City as a 45-year old man, simply identified as Mr Christopher, pummeled his 39-years old wife to death over a N2,000 loan request. Tribune Online gathered that the incident happened at 1, Agbontaen Street, beside Ebvareke Secondary School, off Agboniro street, Uselu, Benin City. A source privy to the sad incident disclosed that Christopher descended on his wife, Mrs Isoken Christopher, following her failure to give him the N2,000 loan he requested from her. The deceased, a mother of three, according to her eldest child, Augustine Christopher, was hale and hearty before the sad incident. The 13-year old son explained that his father, a menial worker with a waste manager in Benin, was always in the habit of beating the deceased mother at the slightest provocation. According to him, Mr Christopher had earlier called his wife to request the loan of N2,000, which the late wife declined. Narrating the event that led to the unfortunate incident, the young Christopher said, “Following the call, my father came home at about 9 pm and started beating her and accused her of always embarrassing him each time he requested for money.” “After the beating, I was trying to give my mother paracetamol and water she asked when my father took the water and drug from me and threw it away. It was after then she went out to pour water on her body and later lie down outside. “My father locked us (children) inside the room and went out to bounce on my mother where she was lying down outside, already weak from the beating. “That was when neighbours came and rushed her to two different hospitals where she was both pronounced death of arrival,” he explained. The young boy hinted that his father smokes and was always drunk. Similarly, a neighbour to the deceased, Mrs Florence Obahiagbon, said it was the noise from the beating that brought them outside. “On getting outside, we met the man beating his wife and usual and we tried to revive her by pouring water on her because she was weak by then. We rushed her to two hospitals within the neighbourhood where they both said she was dead on arrival. “We invited vigilante that responded swiftly and they caught the deceased husband who was then trying to escape after committing the crime”, Mrs Obahiagbon explained. Mrs Obahiagbon corroborated the young Christopher’s account of the deceased’s sound health before the beating, saying that the deceased was hale and hearty as they had both attended the same party earlier in the day where she (deceased) participated in serving guests at the party. She described the deceased as a hard-working woman who operated a fashion shop in a caravan in front of their rented apartment where they occupied a room and parlour. Obahiagbon said that the deceased corpse was taken away by the Police from the New Benin Station. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Man, 45, pummels wife to death over N2,000 loan We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Man, 45, pummels wife to death over N2,000 loan Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.