The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has warned that nothing untoward should happen to its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, who was rearrested by the Nigerian government and brought back to the country to continue his trials on the charges of treason and terrorism preferred against him. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful, who disclosed in a statement, said that  IPOB shall expose details of how Kanu, was abducted by the Nigerian Government and her security operatives at a later date. According to the statement, “We the global movement of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, confirm the abduction of our leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu by the Nigerian government and its security operatives. We shall expose details of his abduction later. “Our leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is presently in the custody of the Nigeria Government. This evil crime of kidnapping was masterminded by the Nigeria Government in collaboration with all those that view IPOB and Mazi Nnamdi Kanu as stumbling blocks against their bid to hold Biafra in perpetual slavery. “We, therefore, enjoin every IPOB member both at home and in the Diaspora and all Biafrans to remain calm because this is not the end of the road. Our Leader’s next court appearance is July 26, 2021, and Biafrans should mobilize and attend the court hearing. “IPOB will not relent in the pursuit of Biafra freedom. We have crossed the Rubicon in our struggle for the restoration of Biafran Sovereignty. There is no going back no matter the level of intimidation by our oppressors. “Our Leader can never be coerced into abandoning the struggle for Biafra restoration irrespective of the circumstance. At this very challenging moment in the history of our march to freedom, all IPOB family members must stand firm and resolute behind our selfless leader. We stand by him and the God of Heavens in whom we trust and rest our confidence shall not let us down. We shall triumph! “We remind the Nigerian government and her security agencies that our Leader deserves justice and fair hearing. We also want to state unequivocally, that no harm should befall our leader.  Should anything untoward happen to him, Nigeria Government will be held accountable for it. “We are watching closely and all our intelligence units, are following up on the developments. The international community should not be quiet over the atrocities of the Nigeria Government against Biafrans. They must rise in defence of justice now”. The Attorney-General of the Federation, AGF, Abubakar Malami, SAN, had on Tuesday announced that Kanu was intercepted on Sunday and brought back to Nigeria to continue his trial.    Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.