An Ogbia High Court sitting in Yenagoa has sentenced a 39-year-old man, Charles Nikson, to death by firing squad for his involvement in the November 2020 foiled abduction of one Mrs Vivian Okoye, the wife of a popular businessman and a medical practitioner in Bayelsa State. Mrs Okoye and a medical practitioner identified as Alex Ogregade Ileimokumo from Igbedi community of Southern Ijaw Local Government Council area were rescued after men of Operation Puff Adder engaged in a hot chase and shoot-out with the kidnappers. The 39-year-old kidnapper, who was the driver to his gang and arrested during act, was arraigned before the Ogbia High Court on the two-count charges of conspiracy and kidnapping. He was arraigned at the court with another suspect, David Ekegima, who was discharged and acquitted by the court. The Presiding Judge, Justice Rapheal Ajuwa, while delivering his ruling on the matter, found Nikson guilty of the two charges. According to him, “on the charge of conspiracy, there is no specific term for the charge. And I hereby sentence you to 10 years imprisonment.” Justice Anjunwa also pointed out that the law says anybody convicted of kidnapping either dies by hanging or firing squad. He, therefore, declared him sentenced to death by firing squad. It would be recalled that there was heavy shoot out in November 2020 between operatives of the Operation Puff Adder of the Bayelsa State Police Command and a seven-man kidnap gang along Iminringi Road in Ogbia Local Government Council of the state, leading to the rescue of Mrs Vivian Okoye, the wife of a popular businessman and a medical practitioner. It was gathered that the abduction of the victims occured about 7.30pm along the Imiringi residence of the businessman and whisked away by the kidnap gang. The kidnappers, according to the victims, arrived in a white Hilux vehicle with registration number GBB 30 FS and were dressed in military and police camouflage. They drove away with their victims towards the Onuebum waterside in Ogbia area where a getaway boat was stationed. One of the victim’s family member said “the kidnappers were asking for Blessed Obaino, but they decided to kidnap the wife after they could not get him. The neighbour was driving into the house before he was abducted. “They gained entrance into the compound following the entrance of one of Obaino’s boys. They must have been waiting before he walked into the ambush. “Series of Save-our-Soul messages were sent out to the emergency lines of the State Commissioner of Police and the Operation Puff Adder led by DSP Chris Nwaogbo. The swift response by a gallant team of the security outfit led to the shootout along Iminringi Road. “One policeman was injured with bullet grazing his shoulder, while the kidnappers abandoned their vehicle and the victims. They ran into the Ogbia bush.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.