Personnel of one of Nigeria’s airlines, Air Peace, have foiled an attempt to traffick two babies by a man and a woman at the Murtala Muhammed Airport Terminal 2, Lagos State. The attempt by the man and woman was said to have been foiled when they were travelling to Asaba, Delta State, as they were being checked-in at the counter. According to a statement issued by the spokesperson of the airline, Stanley Olisa, the security personnel of the airline smelt a rat when the two adults were being checked-in at the counter. According to the statement: “On June 7, 2021, at MMA2, around 12 noon, a man and a woman, carrying two babies, approached our counter for check-in. “Our Passenger Service Executive, being suspicious of the duo’s behaviour, questioned them about the babies. They said the babies belonged to them and were travelling to Asaba.” Olisa disclosed that as the suspicion intensified, the two adults, who disclosed that the babies were three months old each, were further questioned by another counter attendant and a security personnel but they gave a different narrative. “The two adults gave conflicting explanations to different staff- that the babies were being taken to the United Kingdom to unite them with their parents and later, they said they were sending the babies to Zimbabwe for adoption,” he added. Upon further questioning, the adults, who confessed that they were not the parents of the babies, were consequently taken to MMA2 police station by the Air Peace security officials. The duo during questioning at the station were said to have admitted they were agents who traffick children for adoption. The Police said they would transfer the case to the National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) for further investigation and action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  How attempt to traffick two 3-month-old babies was foiled at Lagos Airport  ;  How attempt to traffick two 3-month-old babies was foiled at Lagos Airport ;  How attempt to traffick two 3-month-old babies was foiled at Lagos Airport  ;  How attempt to traffick two 3-month-old babies was foiled at Lagos Airport. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!