The post COVID-19 business atmosphere in the global tourism industry will be experiencing a whole lot new norms evolving from the game-changing trends that came with the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent industry players innovative approach that came with it. However, the outlook for the recovery of the tourism sector is expected to be hyper-local and specific to destination and segment, according to Arival research which also identified key trends such as online bookings, virtual tours, self-guided experience as shaping the future for tours, activities and attractions Worth $254 billion in 2019, the tours, activities and attractions segment of travel and tourism is not just the third-largest part of travel; it is why people travel in the first place. During the virtual element of the 28th edition of Arabian Travel Market (ATM), Arival’s Co-Founder and CEO Douglas Quinby shared exclusive Arival research carried out with 1500 respondents on the outlook for tours, activities, attractions, and key trends shaping the sector’s revival post-COVID-19 pandemic. According to the research, although Global Gross Bookings in tours, activities, and attractions in 2020 were down by 80 per cent, which is hardly a surprise, the impact of the downturn was uneven with mixed experiences across regions and variations from market to market. Arival’s research identified that almost all operators (99 per cent) implemented health and safety measures and that in a sector that previously lagged 10-15 years behind the travel and tourism industry in digitisation, there has been rapid adoption of technologies for online booking. Virtual tours were also a popular way for platforms to try and stay connected to their customers and generate some revenue. However, only 16 per cent of operators tried to launch virtually, with mixed results. The research also found that as travel resumes, self-guided tours and experiences will become a viable alternative to large group experiences. Addressing delegates online during ATM Virtual 2021, Quinby said “This sector of travel will come back, as will the rest of the travel and tourism industry. However, as much as the impact of the downturn has been uneven for the sector, so will the recovery. What we expect to see is that recovery is hyper-local and very specific to destination and segment.” Meanwhile, Emaar Entertainment’s CEO Zeina Dagher, who is responsible for the strategy of some of Dubai’s top attractions, including the Dubai Aquarium & Underwater Zoo, KidZania, and Burj Khalifa, shared how attractions have adapted to the downturn and where attraction development, distribution and guest experience is headed in 2021 and beyond. “2020 has been a year of unexpected change and the unknown. However, as an organisation, we have come out of it stronger and ready for 2021 and beyond,” Dagher said. “The speed at which we came together as a team to tackle the crisis was instrumental to our recovery. “We have had to completely shift the way we work in terms of marketing, operations and pricing to offer much more value from our attractions and also to ensure the health and safety of our guests. Our diversity now is our strength, and our focus is more on our domestic tourism market and the residents of the UAE.” Elsewhere on the agenda on the ATM Virtual 2021, hoteliers from ACCOR, Mantis Collection, Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group and Red Carnation Hotels convened at the ATM Hotel Industry Summit to explain how they’ve adapted to the super-acceleration of global wellness and sustainability movements, evolving their hotels and services to respond to overwhelming traveller demand for health and wellbeing solutions and sustainable practices that support the environment and local communities. This was followed by two separate airline leadership keynote interviews, which focused on seizing new opportunities and moving ahead despite the crippling effects of the pandemic. In the first interview, Group CEO, Air Arabia, Adel Ali discussed how he is managing the crisis whilst still keeping an eye on opportunities. Meanwhile, the second interview featured CEO, flydubai, Ghaith Al Ghaith, where he shared how he envisions flydubai’s development and evolution in the years ahead and explored likely network growth, product developments and the deepening and evolving partnership with Emirates. Other sessions include insights and tools for COVID-19 safe recovery, how the lack of international travel has affected the regional F&B scene, the increasing importance of responsible hospitality and the technology that will drive a more sustainable future for travel. “Sustainability in travel and tourism has been a major focus at ATM over the years, but now, more than ever, concerns about the travel industry’s impact on the environment are becoming one of the defining issues for the sector for future generations,” said Danielle Curtis, Exhibition Director ME, Arabian Travel Market. “This session highlights how technology and sustainability will converge to ensure a vibrant and responsible future for travel.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.