Following Wednesday’s crisis at Iwo Road, Ibadan, Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has promised to rid the area of cultists as well as review the state’s transport managers known as Park Management System (PMS). Makinde made known these line of actions when, on Thursday, he toured the Iwo Road scene of the violence. While condemning Wednesday’s violence, Makinde vowed to ensure that all those behind the Iwo Road incident is brought to book. In the meantime, the Oyo governor said he had ordered investigations into the crisis. With some phone sellers being victims in the crisis, Makinde said he will meet with them to determine what form of assistance they will receive. Makinde said: “I visited the scene of the Iwo Road incident this morning. The loss of lives during the incident that occurred is unfortunate and should never have happened. “I give you my word that we will ensure that everyone involved in the dastardly act is brought to book. “I have ordered investigations. In the meantime, we will sanitise the area behind Iwo Road where cultists congregate and review the Park Management System. “We have also informed the phone sellers to choose representatives who will discuss how we can assist them.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Iwo road crisis: We’ll review Park management system, rid area of cultists ― Makinde Iwo road crisis: We’ll review Park management system, rid area of cultists ― Makinde SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!