Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has felicitated the former governor of the state and incumbent Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola (SAN), on the occasion of his 58th birthday, describing him as a seasoned administrator, legal icon and technocrat who had used his skills and positions in different capacities for the growth of Lagos State and Nigeria. Sanwo-Olu said this, on Monday, in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Gboyega Akosile, saying Fashola raised the bar in corporate governance and administration while serving as governor of Lagos State, with great records of laudable achievements during his eight years tenure of office. The governor, while congratulating Fashola on the occasion of his birthday, wished him more years of joy and good health for continued service to the State, Nigeria and humanity as a whole, even as he further described the former governor as a true ambassador of Lagos who sacrificed the greater part of his life in service of the state and Nigeria. “On behalf of my adorable wife Ibijoke, the good people of Lagos State as well as the All Progressives Congress (APC), I heartily congratulate my brother and predecessor, Mr Babatunde Fashola (SAN), on the occasion of his 58th birthday. “As a true ambassador of our dear State, Mr Babatunde Fashola (SAN), set a high standard in the administration of Lagos State with great achievements and laudable projects, which are visible in different parts of the state. “Mr Fashola has sacrificed the greater part of his life in service of Lagos State and Nigeria. He served passionately as Chief of Staff to former Governor Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and his track records earned him the governorship seat in 2007 to continue on the progressive path set by his predecessor for eight years before moving to the federal level in 2015 to serve as Minister of Power, Works and Housing. “His contributions to the success of the All Progressives Congress-led government at state and federal levels are commendable. He is Lagos State pride in the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari,” Governor Sanwo-Olu stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.Fashola as seasoned administrator deploys his skills for growth of Lagos, Nigeria ― Sanwo-Olu Fashola as seasoned administrator deploys his skills for growth of Lagos, Nigeria ― Sanwo-Olu Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.