A middle-aged pastor, Olagunju Adetunji, a herbalist, Adewumi Gbadamosi were, on Wednesday, paraded by the Osun State Police Command for being in possession of human parts. Also paraded with the duo who were caught with human hands and legs at the state police command headquarters in Osogbo, were three other ritualists identified as Rasheed Ajani, Saka Akeem, Abiodun Adetimilehin for killing a teenager, one Kehinde in a nearby hospital in Osogbo. Speaking on the development, the state police commissioner, CP Wale Olokode, hinted that the evil perpetrators of the acts were apprehended at the Oke Ayepe area of Osogbo and Kajola ljesha while acting on intelligence. “The suspects were arrested with two decaying hands and two legs of one Kehinde, whose surname and address are still unknown. The principal suspect, one Adewumi Gbadamosi, confessed to the crime and said the victim’s head was given to one Olagunju Adetunji for rituals,” the CP stated. He however affirmed that the suspects would be arraigned before a court after investigations might have been completed. Speaking with newsmen shortly after being paraded, Gbadamosi said: “I shot Kehinde dead while on night guard duty post in Osogbo and after shooting him, I dismembered him, took some parts and threw the remains into a river. ” I gave the head to Adetunji and his friend, Saka, who had approached me for help because of poor patronage. Ajani, who was also working as a nightguard, assisted me to carry the deceased after I have killed him.” Adetunji, however, denied receiving the deceased’s head from the herbalist. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021. VERDICT: False. FULL STORY: Some Nigerian students on May 27, 2021, got an SMS on their mobile phones from TETFund2021, informing them of their eligibility for the ongoing TETFund 20,000 grant.Police parade pastor, herbalist, others with human parts in Osun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!