Office of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), in Asaba, the Delta State, has been reportedly burnt down. The NYSC office is located on the 2nd floor of the Federal Secretariat in the state capital. Passersby and some staff were, on Tuesday morning, said to have first noticed the smoke billowing out of the floor and raised the alarm. There are controversies on who or what could be responsible for the fire outbreak. While a school of thought said it was probably perpetrated by “unknown men,” others are of the opinion that it was an electrical fault. Reacting to the incident, however, the State Coordinator of NYSC, Mrs Olutayo Samuel, disclosed that the burnt NYSC offices located on the second floor of the Federal Secretariat Asaba debunked the “unknown men” narrative, adding that the cause was yet to be ascertained. Meanwhile, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Command, DSP Bright Edafe, who confirmed the incident, told our reporter that there was no casualty. “No casualty, cause not known but the office was locked when it occured,” he quipped. details later … YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Fire engulfs NYSC office in Asaba  ;  Fire engulfs NYSC office in Asaba Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Fire engulfs NYSC office in Asaba  ;  Fire engulfs NYSC office in Asaba. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.