50 gunmen suspected to have killed security personnel and destroyed properties in Ebonyi State were paraded by the state Commissioner of Police, Aliyu Garba on Monday. According to the commissioner, 39 of the suspects were arrested in Agubia, Ikwo local government area of the state while on a mission to attack Onueke Police Station and an INEC office both in Ezza South local government area of the state. “Eight (8) of these suspects made useful statements to the Police, while one of them, Elom Daniel ‘m’ age 17yrs took Police Operatives to their hideout at Agbaja-Izzi community in Abakaliki Local Government Area of the State, where the owner of the house escaped leaving behind his wife and a child. Upon intensive search of the house/premises, the following items were recovered. “One (1) Ak 47 Riffle with Thirty-five (35) live ammunition, Two (2) AR Riffles with Eight (8) live ammunition, Eight (8) magazines, Two (2) locally fabricated Improvised Explosive (tested and certified), Five (5) Machetes, One Police belt, some juju charms,” Aliyu said. The CP explained that Elom narrated that he specializes in drawing the map of any planned area to be attacked by the group before execution, adding that the suspect further admitted that the meeting at their State Sector commander’s resident was to attack Onueke Divisional Headquarters, INEC office and Ebube-Agu Security Outfit. According to the Police Boss: “Elom further stated that his group was responsible for the attack on the Army checkpoint at Amasiri in Afikpo North Local Government Area on 26th March 2021 where two Army officers were killed and their riffles were taken away. He also claimed that his group was responsible for the attack on Central Police Station Abakaliki during the #EndSARS protests, where a Police Inspector and one other were killed and the inspector’s rifle carted away. One of the AK-47 rifles recovered when crossed-checked was found to be the same police rifle that was stolen by the hoodlums from the late inspector at the Central Police Station Abakaliki during the said #EndSARS protests. “Elom Daniel further narrated that his gang were also responsible for the attack at Onueke Police Station on 8th January 2021 which claimed the lives of three Policemen and the attack on Nigeria Police Force Animal branch Personnel attached to Agricultural Quarantine checkpoint, along Donkey Market Ezzangbo in Ohaukwu L.G.A of the State on 23rd March 2021 where two (2) Assault rifles were carted away by the hoodlums. The two rifles are among the recovered rifles.” The command also paraded other suspects Ozibo Jonah aka Ojukwu and others, whom the commissioner said, confessed that they were responsible for the attack on the policemen attached to Safer Highway Patrol stationed along Ogoja/Abakaliki Expressway where some of the security operatives were fatally wounded. The CP also said that the confession was further corroborated by the recovery of the AK-47 rifle belonging to Police personnel from the suspects. “The gang led the Police Operatives to arrest a native doctor, one Nwifuru Chukwuebuka (aka Double gang switch) as he claims to be a pastor and a native (who specializes in both spiritual healings and juju invocations) who fortifies them against bullet penetration by giving them marks on their both shoulders. “The said native doctor was arrested, his shrine destroyed and the following items were recovered from him: 1 live tortoise, two IPOB flags, a large number of juju charms, some Bibles (different Version) and the native doctor had since been charged to court and remanded in prison custody for aiding and abetting,” CP Aliyu said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.