Schneider Electric, the leader in digital transformation of energy management and automation, will be hosting its 2021 Innovation Day come July 6, 2021. The live virtual event will bring together thought leaders from around the world and across industries to discuss and deep dive into digitization and how it can be used to drive business growth and operational stability, having sustainability at the core. The event will feature a line-up of local and international speakers, including conservationist and polar adventurer Robert Swan, digital analyst and anthropologist Brian Solis, author and lecturer at Oxford University Rachel Botsman, and Executive Vice President of Secure Power at Schneider Electric Pankaj Sharma. The speakers will share their insights on topics, ranging from the use of digital technologies to power a more sustainable and resilient future; building trust through digital transformation; and the role of sustainability leadership to keep companies relevant. “Digitization empowers us to gain our edge, stay competitive and thrive in the new normal. The potential is undeniably tremendous, especially in delivering environmentally added value to our customers,” said Pankaj Sharma. “Today, sustainability is crucial to enterprise viability. With a proper strategy in place, digitization can deliver a clear path to business growth while minimizing impacts on the environment.” Commenting on the upcoming Innovation Day 2021 for Pacific, Ziad Youssef Middle East and Africa Vice President of Secure Power and Segments at Schneider Electric said, “The journey to sustainability begins with digitization. Business and IT leaders need to see this as an opportunity to build resilience into their strategy, allowing their company to move towards goals such as net-zero energy, and net-zero carbon. While these ambitious targets were once markers of a sustainable business, they are now markers of a smart business,” Participants can also learn about the latest solutions from Schneider Electric such as the Galaxy VL and the EcoStruxure Micro Data Center 43U, as well as take on practical sessions covering the latest on how to implement tomorrow’s solutions today. There will also be breakout sessions and networking opportunities for IT and data centre professionals, IT solution providers, as well as facility managers, electrical consultants and contractors. Schneider Electric’s Innovation Day tours hosted up to 8,000 attendees in the previous years. In 2020, the event focused on digitization in building and driving resiliency in the wake of the changing landscape. Schneider Electric’s purpose is to empower all to make the most of its energy and resources, bridging progress and sustainability for all. The company calls this “Life Is On”. Through integrating world-leading process and energy technologies, end-point to cloud connecting products, controls, software and services, across the entire lifecycle and enabling integrated company management for homes, buildings, data centres, infrastructure and industries, Schneider Electric has proven efficacy of digital transformation. The company is an advocate of open standards and partnership ecosystems that are passionate about its shared  meaningful purpose, inclusive and empowered values. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.