A young man was on Tuesday afternoon set ablaze for allegedly attempting to steal a motorcycle at the Wurukum Market in Makurdi, the Benue State capital. According to an eyewitness, the suspected motorcycle thief was caught when he was trying to use another key on someone else’s motorcycle. It was gathered that a motorcyclist had parked at the Wurukum market when the suspected thief attempted to steal the motorcycle. The eyewitness who claimed to be a transporter around the area and identified himself as Sunday said that as soon as the owner parked the motorcycle, the alleged thief jumped on the motorcycle with a key and was trying to go with the motorcycle. Sunday added: “But luck ran out on him as some youths who were closeby ran after him, caught him and set him ablaze.” The eyewitness noted that this was not the first time such an incident was happening around the Wurukum market. According to him, “this makes the third time in recent time that angry mob would lynch suspects.” When contacted, the State Command spokesperson, DSP Catherine Anene who confirmed the report condemned the act, saying some of the time, the victims of such jungle justices are innocent after all. “Incident confirmed and the act of setting a human being ablaze is condemned by the Command. There are legal means of handling such issues,” Anene said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.