Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday commissioned the upgraded and rehabilitated network of roads, comprising Thompson Avenue, Milverton Road, MacDonald and Lateef Jakande Road, in Eti-Osa Local Government Area of the state, saying the commissioning was a testament to his administration’s determination to keep improving the living conditions of Lagosians through well-thought-out policies and programmes. Governor Sanwo-Olu stated this while speaking during the commissioning, noting that his administration was cognizant of the fact that strategic investment in infrastructure was the foundation for long-term growth. The governor, while giving reasons for the economic importance of Ikoyi and the need to address the perennial flooding issues peculiar to the axis, among others as a basis for the road projects, maintained that provision of adequate road infrastructure would generate a strong economic base for improved productivity and standard of living. “Today, the completion and formal commissioning of these rehabilitated and upgraded roads (Lateef Jakande/MacDonald, Milverton and Thompson Avenue) is a testament to our determination to keep improving the living conditions of our people through well-thought-out policies and programmes. “Our Administration is cognizant of the fact that strategic investment in infrastructure is the foundation for long-term growth, and the provision of adequate road infrastructure will generate a strong economic base for improved productivity and standard of living,” the governor said. “In consideration of the economic importance of Ikoyi as the real estate hub of Lagos and to address the perennial flooding issues peculiar to the axis, we formally flagged off a regeneration initiative comprising infrastructural renewal and upgrade/rehabilitation of road and drainage projects in July 2020. Apart from addressing perennial flooding, the initiative was targeted at re-engineering the designated roads to improve traffic flow and network efficiency,” he added. Governor Sanwo-Olu, while expressing joy that the affected roads had been re-engineered and reconstructed “for network efficiency and improved traffic flow,” while the perennial flooding in this area was also addressed, said the functional maintenance of the roads was the collective responsibility of government and the community at large. He assured that the state government would continue to collaborate with the community at the Residents Association and Community Development Association levels to develop and promote local initiatives for the community to participate in the maintenance of the roads in order to reduce road damage and infrastructure theft. “I urge you to refrain from any act that may undermine the durability of these roads. There are several infrastructural projects competing for taxpayers’ money, and we all have the joint responsibility of optimizing resources and protecting our infrastructure. I commend everyone who worked with us to ensure the seamless delivery of these projects,” the governor said. The Special Adviser to the Governor on Works and Infrastructure, Mr Aramide Adeyoye, said the rehabilitated/upgraded network of roads, comprising Thompson Avenue, Milverton Road, MacDonald and Lateef Jakande roads were already in use and provided access to several other roads, such as Olawale Daudu Street, Rumens and Ruxton Roads. Besides, she said the commissioned roads were also a strategic link to other roads within the heart of Ikoyi, which helps traffic redistribution and ensures seamless, continuous flow of traffic within the neighbourhood, adding that the roads held considerable socio-economic benefits for the residents and those working in Ikoyi. “For this administration, I have no doubt that these road projects hold considerable socio-economic benefits for the residents and those working in Ikoyi. “Aside from creating job-creating job opportunities during execution, the rehabilitated roads and drainage works will abate the perennial flooding and erosion usually experienced within the axis,” she said. Adeyoye expressed the belief that the projects would reduce traffic congestion, reduce vehicular maintenance costs, decrease travel hours for commuters, enhance safety and security along the corridor, “and of course provide an aesthetically pleasing environment that will further increase property value.” She commended the residents association for their patient and belief in the state government’s effort at restoring the ambience and aesthetics that Ikoyi is known for, and also for their understanding after the upheaval arising from the misplaced agitation about the greenery replacement exercise. Member, Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Gbolahan Yishawu representing Eti-Osa 11, expressed appreciation to the governor for taking the bull by the horn by undertaken the road projects in the area. The lawmaker, who recalled that the projects were long included in the state budget as far back as 2018, said it was one thing for a project to be provided for in the budget but another thing to get it implemented. “He (governor) took the bull by the horn, we commend him for that. It is one thing to have the project provided for in the budget, it is another thing to have it implemented. We commend him, we are happy about this. The upgraded/rehabilitated network of roads in Ikoyi would boost the economy of the area,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Sanwo-Olu commissions 4 roads  Sanwo-Olu commissions 4 roads Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Sanwo-Olu commissions 4 roads  Sanwo-Olu commissions 4 roads SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!