The Kwara state executive council has approved the award of contract for the establishment of a garment production factory in Ilorin. To be known as Garment Production Village, the N1.8 billion factory will provide job opportunities for indigenes of the state, particularly youths and women, Commissioner for Enterprise Hajia Arinola Lawal told the cabinet meeting that was presided over by Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq on Wednesday. Presenting the memo at the council meeting and explaining the bidding process for such high-end projects in line with the procurement law, the Commissioner put the cost of the garment factory at N1.8billion to be awarded to Freshvine Nigeria Ltd out of the three firms that bidded for it. The commissioner highlighted all stages of due process and transparency the award of the contract went through before the presentation of the memo for the final council approval. The commissioner also explained that various sustainable plans are in place for the factory to succeed. Approving the memo, the council observed that the factory will be the largest in West Africa. The council noted with delight that when operational, the factory has all the potentials to put Kwara on the world map and change the status of the state from a civil service state to a state with an impressive industrial presence. On the issue of security, the council emphasised the imperative for all residents of the state to support security agencies and the government’s efforts towards sustaining the reputation of Kwara as a state of harmony. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  Kwara awards N1.8b contract for garment factory  ;  Kwara awards N1.8b contract for garment factory  ;  Kwara awards N1.8b contract for garment factory  ;  Kwara awards N1.8b contract for garment factory. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!