The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has said now that the leader of the Indigenous People Of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu is arrested it called on the Federal Government to allow the full course of justice to take effect. It noted that earlier the IPOB leader was standing trial for treason felony before jumping bail. In a statement issued by the spokesman of the CNG, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, on Tuesday, noted that Kanu should also be charged for incitement and killings of other ethnic nationalities. “We received the news of the arrest and repatriation of the fugitive rebel, Nnamdi with mixed feelings of apprehension and appreciation. “We commend the effort of the Federal Government and the agencies made this possible particularly the International Police and authorities of the United Kingdom for honouring their obligations with Nigeria. “On the other hand, we remain apprehensive until the full course of justice takes effect. Kanu as we all know has a pending trial for treasonable felony and jumping bail. “In addition, he must now face additional charges of incitement to violence and killings of people of other ethnicities particularly northerners, security personnel as a result of his open incitement. “More importantly, we don’t see Kanu’s arrest affecting the issue of Biafra. While he faces trial hopefully, the CNG is insisting that this is the right time to tackle the Biafran issue once for all. “Nobody should make the mistake of assuming that the arrest is anywhere near the end of the Biafran affair. We stand our ground that a referendum must be held to determine this and all other agitations for self-determination from any part of the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Nnamdi Kanu: Allow full course of justice to take effect, CNG tells FG Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.