The proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has declared that the South-East governors are too small to decide for Ndigbo on Biafra agitation. IPOB made this known in a statement made available to newsmen by its spokesperson, Emma Powerful, on Tuesday. According to Powerful, IPOB is not surprised that the governors will disown and condemn IPOB and Eastern Security Network (ESN) after they have been proscribed. Powerful, however, described the South-East leaders’ swiftness to “disown and betray their own in their quest to appease their slavemasters as unfortunate, shameful and disgraceful.” The statement reads “The attention of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has been drawn to the purported disowning and condemnation of IPOB and the Eastern Security Network, ESN, by the frustrated South-East governors and few self-centred political leaders in the region. We are not, however, surprised because they were the same people to proscribe us before the federal government tagged us, terrorists. “The governors, Ohaneze Ndigbo and the handful traitors masquerading as the Igbo political elite should wake up to the realities that they have since lost the confidence of the people. We understand the worry of these Efulefus: They are rattled by the unflinching support and loyalty of the masses to IPOB. “It’s only unfortunate, shameful and disgraceful that the so-called Igbo leaders will be quick to disown and betray their own in their quest to appease their slavemasters. The South-East governors again, in 2017 they sat together in Enugu State to proscribe IPOB and the federal government declared them terrorists with the support of South-East governors while they are not. To their shame, how many times have their Northern counterparts disowned the bloody terrorists, bandits and Fulani herdsmen rampaging the country? “So, the South East self-acclaimed Leaders are quick to disown IPOB and ESN, yet they are calling us to accept the calls for peaceful negotiations? What a hypocrisy! “How can South-East governors be so desperate for power beyond 2023 that they can sacrifice anything and anybody for personal gains? In case they don’t know, even the Northerners they are trying to impress understand the handwriting on the wall. They know that the governors are on their own. They can’t decide for the over 70 million Biafrans home and abroad. “We want to unequivocally declare again, that the five South-East governors and the few self-appointed Igbo elites, are too infinitesimal to speak for the millions of Biafrans who are tired of being held hostage in this contraption called Nigeria. They don’t even command the loyalty of all their appointees let alone the egalitarian Igbo nation that never gave them the stollen mandate they parade.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.