The Commissioner for Health in Plateau State, Dr Nimkong Ndam, has said that the state recorded 441 suspected cases of cholera and six deaths from the bacterial disease in the state. Ndam said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Jos, the state capital. He explained that the 441 suspected cases were line-listed, and four persons were confirmed to have cholera by the culture test the rapid diagnostic test, while the others were confirmed to have cholera by the rapid diagnostic test. He said that the cases were recorded in seven local government areas of the state. The commissioner said that cholera is an acute diarrhoea infection, caused by a bacterium called Vibrio cholerae, which is usually found in food or water contaminated by faeces (faecoral) and when such is ingested, causes cholera. Ndam called on the public who present symptoms of the disease such as copious vomiting and diarrhoea should go to the nearest health facility. He called on the public to ensure that they always wash their fruits and vegetables thoroughly and also boil their drinking water, to kill the organism that causes cholera. The commissioner advised people to imbibe the act of handwashing and sanitising their hands where water is not available, to avoid the spread of the disease. Ndam appealed to the public to always maintain good sanitation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  441 cases of cholera, 6 deaths recorded in Plateau State, says Commissioner  ;  441 cases of cholera, 6 deaths recorded in Plateau State, says Commissioner  ;  441 cases of cholera, 6 deaths recorded in Plateau State, says Commissioner  ;  441 cases of cholera, 6 deaths recorded in Plateau State, says Commissioner. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.