Ketron Investment Limited, an indigenous company, owned by a group of reputable institutional investors led by Persianas Investment Limited, has announced its acquisition of Retail Supermarkets Nigeria Limited (RSNL), owner and operator of the Shoprite stores in Nigeria. The company, in a statement issued on Wednesday, described the divestment by Shoprite International as in line with its strategy to change from an ownership model to a franchise model, a development, it added, had already received the blessings of the Nigerian regulator, the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC). Confirming the deal, the Chairman, Ketron Investment Limited, Tayo Amusan, expressed delight that the company was able to complete the acquisition, and ensure the continued operations of one of the biggest retail success stories in Nigeria. “We look forward to building an even stronger company following our acquisition and are excited about the greater impact we will achieve to the benefit of our customers and other stakeholders now and well into the future,” he added. According to the terms of this acquisition, Ketron acquires 100% ownership of Shoprite in Nigeria and will continue operations across all existing outlets. It also plans to open additional stores and introduce more Nigerian-made products in the stores. This, he added, would also result in vast opportunities for more Nigerians. Amusan expressed confidence that with the company’s knowledge of the ever-evolving Nigerian retail marketplace, well-grounded social and economic research, and hands-on experience from its team, the acquisition would foster a robust and sustainable business model for the ultimate benefit of all stakeholders. Ketron has said that Shoprite International will continue as technical advisers and Ketron will sustain the relationships established by Shoprite over the last decade and a half while ensuring a smooth “transfer of values.” Since its launch in Lagos in December 2005, Shoprite has expanded to 25 outlets across 11 states and Abuja, FCT. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Shoprite ownership changes hand We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Shoprite ownership changes hand BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.