Two persons have been remanded in prison custody by an Ekiti State Magistrate Court for allegedly impersonating a judge and collecting money to influence the judgement in the state. The suspects, Idowu Rotimi (59) and Suleiman Ogunjobi(63) were charged to court on a three-count charge for the offence committed in February this year. The police prosecutor, Samson Osobu, said the duo conspire to obtain a sum of N500,000 from one Nathaniel Aladesiun under the pretence of facilitating favourable judgment before a judge for him. He added that Rotimi paraded himself as a judge in Ekiti State in a bid to collect the said amount from Aladesiun Osobu revealed that the offence is,” contrary to Sections 516, 419 and 484 of the Criminal Code, Cap C16, Laws of Ekiti State, 2012.” The Magistrate, Mojisola Salau granted bail to the two defendants in the sum of N200,000 with two sureties each, one of the sureties must be a monarch of their town. She remanded the suspects in the Nigeria Correctional Center, Ado Ekiti, pending the perfection of their bail application as moved by their counsel, Opeyemi Ogunremi. The Magistrate adjourned the case to July 12 for hearing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING-! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Court remands two for collecting N500,000 to influence judgement in Ekiti Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.