Governor Simon Bako Lalong has vowed to continue to rid the civil service of the staff who have questionable records or are found to have tampered with their records. This is even as 532 workers with questionable records have so far been removed from the state payroll after an investigation using the BVN system. Governor Lalong who disclosed this during a policy retreat for Permanent Secretaries held at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru said the exercise will continue as those found culpable will face disciplinary proceedings. “I am aware of the huge manpower gaps that exist in the Plateau State Civil Service because of years of unemployment. With the setting up of the Nde John Gobak Committee on the verification and audit of staff strength, we will address these issues once the committee completes its assignment and submits its report.” He stated that already, about 532 names have been removed from government payroll after an investigation using the BVN system revealed inconsistencies in their records, adding that some had falsified their ages or tampered with their records. The governor stated that the state is presently facing a continuous decline in revenues from FAAC which makes it very necessary to generate more revenue internally to meet the yearnings of the people, adding that this has necessitated priority spending on areas that will yield revenues in all MDAs as well as the blocking of leakages in the system. He also reminded the Permanent Secretaries that government business in Plateau State is now driven by ICT and as such, they must not only be proficient but also mentor all civil servants in utilizing ICT for carrying out their day-to-day schedules. Head of Service Plateau State, Engr Sunday Chong Hyat, said the policy retreat became necessary because of the appointment of 14 new permanent secretaries and the fact that the last exercise was held in 2015.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.