A ghastly accident that occurred in Zongoro village, 18km on the Bauchi-Maiduguri highway involving two vehicles has claimed 2 lives while 2 others were seriously injured. According to the Bauchi State Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), the accident occurred on Friday, 4th June, 2021, at about 2.00pm involving six male adults. The Sector Commander, FRSC, Bauchi State, Yusuf Abdullahi, confirmed the crash to Journalists on Saturday saying that the crash involved two vehicles, a Peugeot 406 with registration number: TRN-36 SL and a DAF Truck also with registration number: PKM-77-XA. ALSO READ: #TwitterBan, a golden opportunity for Nigerian youths, says APC He said that the crash was caused by dangerous driving, according to him, two other people sustained varying degrees of injuries while the remaining two escaped unhurt. Yusuf Abdullahi also said that the truck was driven by one Lawan Sa’idu while the driver of the Peugeot 406 car could not be immediately ascertained. He said that, “When we got the call about the crash, our men rushed to the scene and evacuated the victims to the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital, Bauchi for medical attention. It was there that a medical doctor confirmed two of them dead. The two injured persons are responding to treatment.” The FRSC boss further said that the corpses of the deceased were deposited at the ATBUTH mortuary after which they would be released to their families for burial calling on motorists to always obey road traffic regulations so that accidents which lead to loss of lives and properties will be reduced to the barest minimum. He then assured that the FRSC will continue to do its best in ensuring safety of lives and properties on the highway stressing that with the rains setting in, road users need to extra careful as the roads are now slippery and waterlogged in some portions. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.