Association of Onions Producers, Processors and Marketers of Nigeria (OPMAN), has threatened to stop the supplying of Onion to the entire Southern part of Nigeria unless certain conditions laid down by the association is met. The association disclosed that about N4.5 billion worth of Onions and properties were destroyed by suspected hoodlums across the Southern States in the last few months in addition to loss of lives of members of the association without any compensation. The National President of the association, Alhaji Aliyu Isa, disclosed this while addressing newsmen after the emergency meeting of the association held in his office in Sokoto. He called on State Governors to urgently collaborate with the federal government to set up a committee to look into the root causes of the numerous attacks on  members of the association, or face total consequences. “Reference to the national executive meeting held today, we are here to report to the members of the public that following the incident that happened in Aba, Abia State, Shasa in Oyo State and Mbaise local government area of Imo State respectively which results to the loss of; in Aba, three members, destruction of about 30 trailers and 9 unitily cars, 50 stores and 10,000 bags of Onions including other valuables. ALSO READ: Arsonists raze houses of Imo commissioner, LGA chairman “During the last #EndSARS protests, other people were compensated leaving out our members. And In Shaha where we lost 27 lives, 5 trailers, 5,600 bag of Onions, 12 utility cars and other valuables. “Also, in February, this year, in Imo State, two trucks of Onions were lost worth about N13,000,000. The above problems resulted to our earlier action to suspend the supply of foodstuffs to the Southern States in February through our parent union. “After full deliberation by the executive of members of this association and the failure of government to respond to our cry, we have thereby reached these decisions. “We are calling on the state and federal government to restore law and order in the state. We also called on the good people of the Southern part of Nigeria to live with the Hausa community in peace, as we are only their for our lawful businesses. “We also called on state government to collaborate with federal government to set up a committee to investigate the incident that leads to the loss of lives and properties of our members.” He however said if the government failed to adhere to the demands of the association, “we are shutting down the supply of Onions to the entire South by Monday, June 7, 2021. “There will be no truck that will off-load Onions by 12midnight of Friday 11th June, 2021,” he added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.