Lagos State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has nullified the one-month suspension placed on one of the South-West leaders, Otunba Segun Adewale aka Aeroland, saying the action embarked upon by the leadership of the party in Alimoso Local Government Area of the state did not comply with the rules, regulations and constitution of PDP. Adewale had last week been suspended by PDP in Alimoso under the leadership of Alhaji Solagbade Abbas, based on the recommendation of the Disciplinary Committee which looked into allegations levelled against him, which the body claimed he failed to honour its invitation to defend himself. However, the Disciplinary Committee gave him another date to come before it for his defence, but Adewale said, in his reaction, that he received no invitation from the committee in respect of the allegations and, therefore, was not given a fair hearing as demanded by the party’s guidelines and constitution. The nullification of the one-month suspension was announced by PDP Legal Adviser, A. T. Muyideen Esq, in a statement made available to newsmen at the weekend and titled: “Re: press statement signed by Alhaji Solagbade Abbas and letter of suspension from Peoples Democratic Party co-signed by Chief (Mrs) Dupe Brume and Hon. Saheed Ogunbiyi both dated June 21, 2021.” PDP legal adviser, while announcing the cancellation, said it was based on findings by him after his engagement with the parties involved, a development that revealed that Section 57 (1), (2), (3) and others of the PDP Constitution were not followed as Otunba Adewale was not served with any invitation and, therefore, did not have the opportunity to defend himself of allegations made against him before the Disciplinary Committee. According to him, Section 57 (6) of the PDP Constitution states that “Any decision taken against a member who has not been informed of the charges against him or has not been given any opportunity of defending himself shall be null and void.” “As the state legal adviser of the party in Lagos State, I advise all party faithful to ignore/disregard the alleged suspension of Otunba Segun Adewale as contained in the press statement signed by Alhaji Solagbade Abbas date 21st June 2021 as well as other documents attached thereto,” he declared. “From the complaint of Chief Akioya Legal Adviser, Alimosho LGA, corroborated by Otunba Segun Adewale and my discussion with the Alimosho LGA Chairman, Alhaji Solagbade Abbas, it would be right to state that no notice was extended to Otunba Segun Adewale informing him of the sitting of any disciplinary Committee or Executive Committee nor where allegations against him were communicated to him hence he was denied of the constitutionally guaranteed right to a fair hearing. This is a travesty that must not be condoned,” he added. “One may then ask what is the aim of this publication in several media when the person affected was not given the opportunity to be heard before the publication? “Is the publication with the weighty allegations contained therein aimed at promoting the person or the party? Or to malign the integrity of the South-West leader of the party. Why the rush to the media and not to the organs- State or National? These and other questions are what come to mind. Section 57(6) of the party constitution settles the matter. It provides that any decision taken against a member who has not been informed of the charges against him or who has not been given the opportunity of defending himself is null and void. “It is now a question begging for an answer that the evidence of the notices served on the South-West leader (Otunba Segun Adewale) by the executives’ committee informing him of the meetings of ward M1; the Disciplinary Committee meeting of Ward M1 before publication in the media were in violation of the provisions of the party,” the party legal adviser argued. Muyideen, therefore, appealed to all PDP leaders in Alimosho in particular and Lagos State, in general, to sheath their swords and embrace peace, saying that they should strongly stay together and work together as a team to give the people of Lagos the best of representation and quality governance, even as he warned that sowing seeds of discord would not promote peace. “May I appeal to all our reputable leaders in Alimosho in particular and Lagos State, in general, to sheath their swords and embrace peace. Sowing seeds of discord will not promote peace. The party is stronger together. Let’s work as a team to give the people of Lagos the best of representation and quality governance,” the party chieftain counselled. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.Lagos PDP nullifies Segun Adewale’s one-month suspension Lagos PDP nullifies Segun Adewale’s one-month suspension Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.