Drug abuse and cultism are two major threat of the future of youths in our society. These two eat deep into the peace and well being of any society. Bariga Community in Somolu area of Lagos witnessed a massive campaign against these threat; drug abuse and cultism. There were several banners, placards and posters raised by pockets of volunteers and organisers at the Walk against Drug Abuse and Cultism in Bariga. The charity walk, was tagged ‘A MEGA WALK AGAINST DRUG ABUSE AND CULTISM IN BARIGA (A movement towards a sane community) – a community project funded to help redeem the image of Bariga Community. The walk was organised by the youth and students of GREAT IMPACT BAPTIST CHURCH, BARIGA in collaboration with MY BARIGA MY PRIDE INITIATIVE. THEATRE CENTRIK and Bariga-made ace comedian MC Komissioner with other youths living in Bariga joined the movement. They all took to the street on Sunday afternoon of June 6, 2021. ‘MY BARIGA MY PRIDE’ which has since become synonymous with recent socio-political development in Bariga is aimed at bringing out the pride of the youths of Bariga is elated to join the course. As the saying goes, ‘’When there is a Will, there is a way’’, the harsh weather condition couldn’t debar the resolute youths as they chanted in unionism their loathsomeness for social vices such as drug abuse, cultism, rape and violence in the community. In a joint statement issued by the organisers of the charity walk, they noted: ‘’We have decided to embark on this walk to demonstrate our deep-seated concern for the future of our community. No longer shall we leave our collective destinies to chance. Never shall we assume that change comes with the breeze, that is an illusion that dwells in the paradise of fools. As we are out in our different numbers, we are united by a purpose to advocate against the rampant occurrences of drug abuse and cultism in our community which births untold consequences. By stepping out, we shun every sense of repression and excuses that might limit us from achieving our primary aim. By vigorous advocacy such as this walk, we help restore hope for many and sanity to all.‘’ This is movement is supported by a number of organizations such as Bariga LCDA, Royal Ambassadors of GIBC, Bariga, Voice of Bariga, TVC Television, Bariga TV, IjinleTV and Footprints of David Art. SAY NO TO DRUG ABUSE & CULTISM. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!