The Military High Command on Thursday refuted rumours of a looming mass retirement of senior officers in the military following the appointment of Major General Faruk Yahaya as the new Chief of Army Staff (COAS). Acting Director of Defence Information, Brigadier General Benard Onyeuko made the clarification in Abuja while updating Defence correspondents on the operational efforts of the Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies conducting operations to tackle insecurity in the country. According to him, “At this point, you are all aware of the appointment of the new Chief of Army Staff, Major General Farouk Yahaya. This has stirred up a lot of rumours in the media about mass retirements in the military “I wish to use this medium to dispel such unfounded rumours. Retirement is only on a voluntary basis for senior officers who desire to do so “At this point, no retirement has been authorised by the Military High Command.” Major General Yahaya was appointed the new COAS following the death of General Ibrahim Attahiru in a plane crash in Kaduna State last month. Since the appointment, there had been series of reports in the media over the possible forceful retirement of several senior officers. More details coming. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.