As wide condemnations continue to trail the statement released by President Muhammadu Buhari on the state of the nation yesterday, singer and performer, Yemi Alade has joined her voice with other Nigerians to caution the President. President Buhari had in a series of tweets responded strongly to violence being witnessed across the country and the destruction of government’s institutions, warning that he would shock those who want to bring his government down. Many Nigerians knocked the minders of the President for releasing what they described as an unpresidential statement at a time when he ought to be assuaging the frayed nerves of Nigerians who are daily bearing the brunt of the government’s inefficiency. Alade in her reaction to the tweet said the President should focus more on the people who are suffering, adding that such a statement from the number one man in the country was an error. “Ah! Your administration is made up of people! People that feel neglected, unsafe, hungry, hopeless! Maybe a part of them feel you will tactically end the unrest in the nation but this tweet that focuses on administration instead of ACTUAL CITIZENS; is an error, capital Fail,” she said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Yemi Alade condemns Buhari’s statement, tells President to focus on people, not on administration Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…          Yemi Alade condemns Buhari’s statement, tells President to focus on people, not on administration BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.