Justice Angela Otaluka of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), sitting at Apo, Abuja, on Tuesday, found a former member of the House of Representatives, Honourable Farouk Lawan, guilty of demanding a bribe of $3million and receiving $500,000. The judge found the former Representative guilty in the three-count charge brought against him by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) against him. Lawan, who was the chairman of House Adhoc Committee on Petroleum Subsidy Regime in 2012, was dragged before Justice Angela Otaluka of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), sitting at Apo, Abuja, by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), on behalf of the Federal Government. The former lawmaker, a four-term member of the House of Representatives, who represented Bagwai/Shanono Federal Constituency of Kano State between 1999 and 2015, in the case marked FCT/HR/CR/76/13, was alleged to have demanded the sum of $3million for himself from the Chairman/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Zenon Petroleum and Gas Limited, Femi Otedola. He was alleged to have collected $620,000 out of the amount with a view to removing Otedola’s companies’ names from the list of firms indicted by the ad hoc committee for allegedly abusing the fuel subsidy regime in 2012. Justice Otaluka sentenced the convict to seven years term in prison on Counts one and two of the charge respectively and five years on count three. The sentence is, however, to run concurrently. She also ordered the convict to make restitution of the sum of $500,000 he collected from Otedola to the coffers of the Federal Government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING-! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Fuel subsidy scam: Court sentences Farouk Lawan to 19 years imprisonment Fuel subsidy scam: Court sentences Farouk Lawan to 19 years imprisonment