The Ndola Local Court in Zambia, has set rules for a wife and her rival fighting for their chance in bed with their husband. Charity Mundia cried to the court that her husband, David Mwamba, has been expending all his sweat and energy on his second wife leaving her alone and cold in her bed. According to Zambia Observer, Charity stated that whilst she did not object to David having a second wife if he so wished, the same should not be at the cost of her being denied her conjugal right by her husband. Meanwhile, David, explaining his decision to have endless love sessions with his second wife at her place said that his senior wife, Charity had formed a bond with beer which led her to insult him whenever she was drunk. The defendant stated that since he hates insults, he decided to enjoy sex with his second wife who is younger and does not nag. However, ruling, the magistrate, Mildred Namwizye, directed David to dedicate three days to having sex with his first wife and two days with his second wife and use the remaining two days to replenish his energy for the following week’s action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.