A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and one of the leading aspirants for the party ticket in Anambra state, Senator Andy Uba has said he was not aware of discussions towards the adoption of a consensus candidate amongst the aspirants. Senator Uba made the remarks when he submitted his Expression of Interest and Nomination forms at the party national secretariat. A group, Anambra Patriots, had recently brokered a meeting with the aspirants in attendance where it asked them to open discussions amongst themselves for the adoption of a consensus candidate. Further checks revealed that the APC 2014 Constitution, (as amended) made provisions for three options for the emergence of candidates for elective offices: direct, indirect primaries and consensus. Senator Uba however maintained that he was not a party to the discussion for the consensus arrangement. He said:” I don’t think that has been presented to us. I have no idea what you are saying. Nobody told me about consensus. I have not heard it. This is the first time I am hearing it from you.” The former Special Adviser on Domestic Matters to former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo expressed confidence that given the APC ticket in June he would dislodge the candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, (APGA). He specifically said former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Professor Charles Soludo was no threat to his governorship ambition. “Well, for you mentioning Soludo, I think Anambra people will have to decide after our primary. And I know i am going to win for sure. After the primary, they will decide who they want as their governor. What APGA has done, they have done. Everybody knows. They have been there for 16 years and that doesn’t mean. If you remember, we had a party that was there for many years. APC still came in. So many years doesn’t mean anything. “That you are there for twenty or thirty years. What have you done? Are the people happy with you? If they are not, then you have reasons to change? I am sure there will be change to vote APC this time.” Another aspirant, Reverend Godwin Okwonkwo, said he has the capacity to turn around the fortunes of citizens of the South-East State. ” I am well prepared. Sound mind, capacity, courage and character. Because competence without character has no value. They both enrich values. And I think I have that. What are my bringing on board? I am bringing unity to my people. I will be a father to everyone. “And Anambra with me there, the hope of the poor will be restored. We will restore Anambra to a place that investors will have confidence and a place to invest in. That is what I am bringing on board.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  I am not aware of discussions towards consensus in APC  ;  I am not aware of discussions towards consensus in APC  ;  I am not aware of discussions towards consensus in APC  ;  I am not aware of discussions towards consensus in APC. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.