MORE than 3,000 participants, volunteers and audiences are expected to take part in this year’s edition of the Lagos Public Relations Week organized by the Lagos Chapter of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR). The Chairman of the Chapter,  Mr. Segun McMedal, in a statement, explained that this year’s edition tagged: ‘Managing Public Communication, Building Trust’, will provide communications practitioners with the opportunity to set agenda and deepen relationship with key stakeholders. According to him, the week-long programme, expected to run between Friday, June 25 and Thursday, July 1, 2021, will start with special cocktails and networking, designed to fraternize and strengthen relationships between public relations practitioners and the most influential stakeholders and sponsors. Other programmes, lined up for the event, include the Acts of Kindness Roadshow and Tours, and a visit by members of the Chapter and stakeholders, to an autistic home and some select government establishment, media organisation and corporate bodies who have supported the Institute over the years. The programmes marking the week will climax with a strategic discourse, featuring Prof Pat Utomi,  as the keynote speaker. The Annual General Meeting and election of new executives is also billed to hold at the same venue after the discourse. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Stakeholders in ICT react  Stakeholders in ICT react Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Stakeholders in ICT react  Stakeholders in ICT react SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.