In the wake of the ban on Twitter operations in Nigeria by the Federal Government (FG) on Friday, members of the diplomatic community in the country have issued statements in support of freedom of speech. The British Deputy High Commissioner in Abuja, Gill Atkinson, a few hours after the announcement by the FG tweeted: “All Nigerians have the right to freedom of speech and the responsibility not to misuse that right.  Any action taken by Government must be measured, proportionate and not suppress basic freedoms.” All Nigerians have the right to freedom of speech and the responsibility not to misuse that right.  Any action taken by Government must be measured, proportionate and not supress basic freedoms. — Gill Atkinson (@GillAtkinson11) June 4, 2021  Her tweet was retweeted by @ukinNigeria, the Twitter handle of the British High Commission in Nigeria. In a similar reaction, the Swedish Embassy in Nigeria, via their Twitter handle, @SwedeninNigeria wrote: “Nigerians have a constitutional right to exercise their freedom of expression and a right to access of information. This must be respected. Safeguarding free, independent media and civic spaces for democratic voices is an important part of Sweden’s #DriveForDemocracy #TwitterBan” Nigerians have a constitutional right to exercise their freedom of expression and a right to access of information. This must be respected. Safeguarding free, independent media and civic spaces for democratic voices is an important part of Sweden’s #DriveForDemocracy #TwitterBan — Sweden in Nigeria (@SwedeninNigeria) June 4, 2021  Nicolas Simard, High Commissioner of Canada in Nigeria, tweeted: “Freedom of speech, used responsibly online and off line, and access to reliable information are fundamental human rights protected by #Nigeria’s constitution and a cornerstone of democratic life around the world. (1/2) #TwitterBan “These #HumanRights should be fully protected, while preventing inflammatory rhetoric and hate speech that could fuel tension and conflict. (2/2) #TwitterBan #Nigeria” Here’s his tweet: Freedom of speech, used responsibly online and off line, and access to reliable information are fundamental human rights protected by #Nigeria’s constitution and a cornerstone of democratic life around the world. (1/2) #TwitterBan — Nicolas Simard (@NicolasJSimard) June 4, 2021  Recall that the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, announced the ban on Twitter in a statement issued in Abuja on Friday. It comes barely a day after the microblogging site deleted President Muhammadu Buhari’s controversial post referencing the Nigerian civil war. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.