The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has admonished President Muhammadu Buhari not to allow himself to be deluded into thinking that “by using the instrumentality of coercion to drag feeble-minded politicians as well as rejected corrupt persons into its folds,” the All Progressives Congress (APC), can survive beyond May 29, 2023. The main opposition party gave this position in a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, its National Publicity Secretary Wednesday. While describing the ruling party as “a derelict pirate ship,” the PDP told the president to stop hallucinating as the lifespan of his party will not extend beyond the end of his abysmal tenure on May 29, 2023. The statement said that the PDP’s position is predicated on the recent “laughable statement” credited to President Buhari and APC leaders that APC has “bounced back to life” and that people are defecting to APC because of the achievements of its administration. The PDP advised the President’s handlers as well as APC leaders to stop pushing him into making such “delusional statements” as Nigerians are aware that while millions of well-meaning citizens across the country, are rallying on the platform of the PDP to rescue the nation from misrule, “only a few individuals with skeletons in their cupboards are hopping into the APC to gain official cover.” The statement added: “After all when such individuals join the APC, all their misdemeanours, which border on corruption, are immediately pardoned. “Today, the APC has become a sanctuary of “who is who” in the world of corruption as well as an army of terrorist apologists, election riggers and patrons of bandits, kidnappers and vandals. “It is rather ludicrous that President Buhari is trying to whitewash the APC when at the same event, he admitted that the APC is a crisis-ridden party and home of violence, selfishness and animosity when he openly stated that “we are all witnesses to the crisis that engulfed the party leading to litigations and presented a picture of selfishness and division”. “Moreover, our party invites Nigerians to note that the APC and the Buhari Presidency have failed to respond to our demand to point to any legacy project they initiated and completed in any part of the country in the last six years. “The Buhari Presidency and the APC have also failed to account for the over N15 trillion reportedly stolen from our national coffers by APC leaders and cronies of the Buhari administration as well as the huge foreign loans which President Buhari, who will leave office in two years’ time, is hanging on the future of our nation. “The truth which Mr President must accept is that Nigerians cannot be beguiled by such claims on the decrepit APC and its administration, which have caused so much devastation to our economy, governance and national cohesion.” The PDP, therefore, urged “the remaining patriotic Nigerians still trapped in the APC to be courageous and join other compatriots rallying on the platform of the PDP in the collective effort to rescue our nation from the stranglehold of the APC.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Coercing our members  Coercing our members Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Coercing our members  Coercing our members Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.