As Nigerians set to mark the 2021 June 12 Democracy Day, the Imo State Commissioner of Police, CP Abutu Yaro has cautioned residents of the state against being used to perpetrate violence. The CP said this in Owerri on Friday while reacting to social media reports of plans by members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) to fuel tension through the hijacking of the planned civil protests in parts of the state. He called on residents of the state to remain cautious and not allow enemies of peace to destroy the state in the guise of Democracy Day protests. He described the alleged planned protests as a ploy to heat up the polity and worsen the security challenges bedevilling the state. The Police Commissioner said that the Poice intelligence had uncovered plans by members of the IPOB and Eastern Security Network (ESN) to hijack the civil protests on June 12. He said: “We advise Imo people to steer clear because some of those conveners have ulterior motives. We will not tolerate any attempt by hoodlums to destabilize the state and any who insists on disrupting the fragile peace in the state will meet their waterloo”. He urged residents of the state to support efforts by the Police and other security agencies to restore peace so as to create the enabling environment for commercial and business activities to thrive. The Commissioner called on Imo people and residents to join hands with police to fully restore the peaceful atmosphere for which the state is known so that businesses could thrive again and normal life could be restored. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Imo CP warns people  Imo CP warns people Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Imo CP warns people  Imo CP warns people SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!