Worried by the worsening security situation in the country, the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba on Monday, ordered the immediate suspension of further issuance of SPY number plates and tinted glass permits due to abuses associated with their use across the country. The IGP who gave the directive in Abuja while speaking at the monthly meeting with strategic commanders of the Nigerian Police Force (NPF) also ordered the immediate clampdown on violators of the new directive aimed at checkmating the abuses associated with them. Baba, who expressed displeasure over several individuals turning the use of SPY number plates and tinted glasses into a status symbol after obtaining them, fraudulently warned against non-compliance with the new directives by the state commands. The Police chief, however, assured that the existing authorisations were being reviewed and a protocol to regulate the issuance of such permits would be put in place. The IGP, in the same manner, frowned at an emerging trend in which some motorists cover their number plates across the country, the practice which he said inhibits law enforcement operations. He directed the commissioners of police as part of their operations, to arrest any motorist involved in the act. Baba also reprimanded Commissioners of Police who are still allowing the mounting of roadblocks in their jurisdictions. “For the avoidance of doubts, roadblocks under any description or guise remain banned across the country and any officer found to be contravening this order will be held liable and dealt with firmly. “Society has evolved. Roadblocks as a policing model are becoming obsolete and unacceptable. Hence, we are working towards enhancing our intelligence-led and technology driven policing capability as well as strengthening the Safer Highway Motorised Patrol Scheme as an alternative to roadblocks. “Therefore, you are tasked to ensure that deployments within your commands are reviewed and your operations aligned to this new policing approach which discourages the disposition to limiting the liberty of citizens through roadblocks which are known to be avenues for corrupt tendencies and other vices that widen the trust gap between the citizens and the Police. “The X-Squad and Monitoring Unit have been mandated to commence a special operation across the country to enforce this directive.” The IGP also cautioned the commissioners against still allowing their officers to unnecessarily and indiscriminately impound vehicles at Police stations. According to him, “Police facilities are not junkyards and must not be turned to one. I ask you to return to your commands and undertake a major operation to clear all such indiscriminately impounded vehicles off your stations.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021. VERDICT: False. FULL STORY: Some Nigerian students on May 27, 2021, got an SMS on their mobile phones from TETFund2021, informing them of their eligibility for the ongoing TETFund 20,000 grant. The SMS reads: “Congratulations, You’re eligible to benefit from the ongoing TETFUND N20,000 Grant. You can accept the grant by clicking http://bit.ly/TETFUND-GRANTS today.” Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…IGP suspends tinted windscreen permits, says roadblocks remain prohibited IGP suspends tinted windscreen permits, says roadblocks remain prohibited SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.