The success of innovation is largely affected by what you do, and better yet, how you do it. This describes the signature event put together by the management of Solution Media and Infotech Limited as it rolled out the drums at its Hi-Impact Planet Amusement Park and Resort, located at Ibafo, Ogun State, to host friends, families and fun-seekers for the company’s 10th-anniversary celebration. The event which paraded the crème de la crème in the public and private sector also have the governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, represented by the Commissioner for Tourism, Dr Taiwo Oluwatoyin, former Governor of Ogun State, Otunba Gbenga Daniel, Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Mr Afolabi Afuwape, former Speaker, Ogun State House of Assembly, Mrs Titi Gomez, the Senior Special Adviser on Economic Matters to the Vice President, Mrs Yosola Akinbi;  among others in attendance. The anniversary celebration was also an avenue used by the organisers to highlight the many achievements and additions its innovative tourism and entertainment have offered in the last 10 years, and also a day of merriment and testimonies. In his remark, the Managing Director, Solution Media and Infotech Limited, Mr Adeyeloye Lipede, said the company had made great strides outside the shores of Nigeria, making impacts in the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates in the last decade. “In the course of our 10 years of existence, we have flown the Nigerian flag both in the UAE and the UK, where great artistes of both Nigerian and African descent performed to the admiration of all in world musical concerts.” “For us, it is not yet an Eldorado; we are not unmindful of the business climate in the country, but we are confident and hopeful that with the right attitude and determination, the future looks bright. So at 10, calling our friends to join us to thank God for it is a thing we feel we should do.” Speaking at the event, the Governor Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun, who was represented by the Commissioner for Tourism, Dr Taiwo Oluwatoyin, reassured of the state government is practical commitment towards supporting domestic tourism and entertainment sectors by focusing on creating an enabling environment for such partnerships to thrive in the state “We are proud to have your investment here in Ogun State. Solution Media and Infotech Limited has shown us that we all can aspire to do better than what others are doing all over the world. “This administration is focused on qualitative governance by creating an enabling environment for private foreign partnership which we believe is fundamental to the creation of enduring social and economic development and individual prosperity.” “We also want to let you know that we are committed to fulfilling all the promises made during electioneering. You believed in us, that is why you gave us the mandate. We also assure you that we are doing all we can with your support to fulfill our promises,” he added. Also, former governor of Ogun State, Gbenga Daniel, who was filled with great enthusiasm on the landmark achievement by Solution Media and infotech Limited commended the organisation for the success it had attained. “I tried to talk my friend and brother, Adeyanju Lipede, into contesting the governorship of Ogun State, but he declined because he said he had another goal. I was not happy about that. “But today, seeing his success as the managing director of this organisation, even surmounting the challenges of security and location, I am highly pleased.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Solution Media celebrates  Solution Media celebrates Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Solution Media celebrates  Solution Media celebrates SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!