There was chaos in Igangan community of Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State in early hours of Sunday when herdsmen allegedly attacked residents, killing more than 10 natives, while large number of houses, shops and one fuel station were razed. Tribune Online gathered that the attackers, who came in vehicles and motorcycles were heavily armed with sophisticated weapons, including AK-47 rifles, machine guns, axes and machetes which caught the residents unaware. Narrating the incident to our correspondent, one of the residents of Igangan, Musa Lawal said the Fulanis stormed the town around 10:45pm on Saturday night and unleashed mayhem till around 3:00am on Sunday. According to him, “It was like a war. They started shooting people, burning our houses and shops located on the streets, including a filling station. It was a horrible attack. We have to run into the bush to escape. But, they caught up with some people and brutally killed them.” “The attack was premeditated. Almost all the residents of Igangan sought refuge in the bush. We called security agencies, but they didn’t respond to our distress calls. Only our local hunters, who were employed as members of Amotekun security corps confronted the herdsmen.” ALSO READ: N4.5bn loss: Onion marketers stop supply to entire South Monday “They killed more than 30 people here. The families of those slain had to carry their corpses this morning. When we came out of the bush this morning, I personally counted 14 corpses, which I sighted.” “The Police didn’t show up at all while the attack lasted. Only the Amotekun security corps members came out to face the herdsmen. They are our local hunters, who were recruited into Amotekun. Some of the attackers, who were wounded were taken away by their people.” “One of the local hunters told us that when he shot one of the herdsmen, bullet didn’t penetrate his body. This is to tell you that they were adequately prepared for the onslaught. The attack was more pronounced in an area called Ile Baale. They also burnt the palace of Asigangan of Igangan.” “They razed more than 100 shops, a filling station and one gas refill station. We are calling on Governor Seyi Makinde to come to our rescue. This is becoming too much. How can herdsmen sack us in our community. This is quite barbaric and unwanted,” Lawal remarked. Similarly, an activist who is also the secretary of Farmers Union based in the town, Mr Taiwo Adeagbo hinted that no fewer than 10 lives were killed during the attack, saying a petrol station, cars and a truck were burnt down by the attackers. He said, ”The terrorists wages war on Igangan from around 12 midnight Sunday. They burnt many properties- cars, a truck and burnt a petrol filling station. ”We will know the exact number of people killed, those injured and the number of properties they destroyed in the morning. It is still dark now things will be clearer later. When contacted,  the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Oyo State, Mr Adewale Osifeso promised to get back to our correspondent on the update of the attack later. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.