Experts in the health space have attributed slow economic growth and other socio-political indices to high fertility rate over the time. Fertility rate in Nigeria is 5.3 percent when compared with global average of 2.5 percent. The experts therefore advocated for more engagements at the sub-national level particularly state and local government in order to reduce the country’s fertility rate, and achieve a 27 percent prevalence in the use of modern contraception across the country. They further stressed that in order to reduce maternal mortality, unemployment, poverty, insurgency and other social vices, there is an urgent need for the government to adopt inclusive, equitable, transparent, and qualitative family planning services, in order to move from demographic crisis to demographic transition, and then to demographic dividends for the population to achieve a good standard of living. In his welcome address at a media dialogue organised by the Association for the Advancement of Family Planning (AAFP) with the support of Planned Parenthood Federation of Nigeria (PPFN) in Abuja, Dr Ejike Orji, a Public Health Advocate and Family Planning Champion, reiterated the efforts made by AAFP to call government attention to possible demographic crises and population explosion about ten years back. According to Orji: “Nigeria is in a demographic crisis. Ten years ago, we were shouting at the top of our voices that in ten years’ time, Nigeria will be in a crisis situation, and it is happening now.” “Our population has grown tremendously since the last time we had our census in 2006. Then, we say we are 140 million. We are now 210 million and still counting.” “The only problem here is that our fertility rate is high and it means we are producing more people than we can take care of at any point in time.” “A lot of people refer to India and China as being populous countries, and their economies are doing well. But anyone who has been in touch with reality in the past 50 years, will know that China and India were one of the poorest nations of this world, until they did something.” “The fertility rate is the problem. The world met in 1991, where the international conference on population and development was held in Cairo. At that time, the world’s total fertility rate was 5.5. The world said, if we need to see progress in human development, we must by 2025 reduce our annual global fertility rate to 2.5. “In 2019, the world had attained a fertility rate of 2.5. It means the world has moved in the right direction. Nigeria’s fertility rate is still at 5.3.” “The dependency ratio in Nigeria now is about 85.5 per cent. In order words, the people who are producing what other people are eating and using are below 20 per cent of the population. 70 per cent of our population is under the age of 30.” “This means we have young people who have aspirations in life; some of them have been properly trained, but they don’t have jobs. “You also have young people who are incapable of doing any smart jobs because they are uneducated and untrained.” “Because the aspirations of the youths have been blunted, they will seek greener pastures to a country where they feel they can do some good”. “Also, because of the youth bulge in the country, religious, traditional and political bigots recruit those young ones to perpetuate their evils.” Orji further stated that “Nigeria made a commitment that by 2020 we will increase our annual modern contraception to 27 per cent.” “We pushed it to 2024. Now the global move is to 2030. Nigeria’s commitment should be grounded in available data and evidence”. “Also, male involvement through the traditional and religious leaders is paramount. Once you tell the Pastor or Imam, once they tell the men, the men will go to their various homes to implement it.” In his presentation on the Hewlett Voices Project, Dr Okai Haruna, Director of Advocacy and Business Development for Planned Parenthood Federation of Nigeria (PPFN), said: “The Project seeks to educate the communities about family planning because there are a lot of myths and misconceptions about it. “We moved from Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We really did not know that to achieve MDGs, we must address family planning because it is the most cost-effective way. “When we talk about family planning, people tend to look more towards women than men as he added that reproductive health is for both sexes. “It is important to take advocacy work about family planning to the subnational level. This is because the federal level alone cannot achieve this.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  High fertility rate generating demographic crisis in Nigeria  ;  High fertility rate generating demographic crisis in Nigeria ;  High fertility rate generating demographic crisis in Nigeria  ;  High fertility rate generating demographic crisis in Nigeria. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.