The police in Lagos State have said that the command will look beyond 21 years old Chindinma Ojukwu in the murder of the CEO of Super TV, Usifo Ataga. This might not be unconnected with reports of conspiracy theories surrounding the murder by some unidentified persons. The state police command already deployed the newly created ICT/ tracking unit at the State Criminal Investigations Department, Panti, Yaba, to adopt scientific and forensic measures of unraveling crimes and criminality in Lagos. The social media was on Friday awash with reports that there might be conspiracy by some people to set the deceased Ataga up for some reasons. A police source, who pleaded anonymity, while speaking to Sunday Tribune, said the police were “exploring all avenues and probabilities on the case.” The police source also added that “it is a very serious case and the command will look at all rumours and facts of the matter in the course of our investigations. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, also told Sunday Tribune that they would “expand the scope” of investigations.” Adejobi said, “We have commenced thorough investigation into the matter and the command will expand the scope of its investigation to unravel the murder of Mr Michael Usifo Ataga and arrest anyone found culpable.” The police image-maker also assured that “Justice must be seen to have been done in the case.” The deceased Super TV boss was on June 15 at about 5:30 pm murdered at a rented apartment in Lekki Phase 1. The state Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, while speaking to newsmen, accused the arrested suspect of stealing the deceased’s Iphone.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.