Many worshippers at Oluode Aranyin Mosque area of Osogbo, Osun State capital were, on Sunday, forcefully dragged out of the praying ground by masquerades who launched an attack on the mosque, killed one out of them and injured nine others. The invasion of the Mosque by the masquerades in the afternoon of the day also compelled the Imam of the Mosque, Qusum Yunus to run away for his dear life. While running, the sound of ” Laila, in lala” rented the air and some worshippers even forgot to escape with their children who followed them to the mosque for prayer. Investigations revealed that trouble started on this ill-fated day when the masquerades first stoned members of the Kamorudeeen Islamic Society who were holding a prayer session at the mosque. The reason for this remained cloudy as at the time of filing in this report but, was further learnt that, after stone-throwing, the masquerades brought out guns and shot repeatedly at the worshippers leaving, a prominent member of the society, the Baba Ijo of the mosque simply identified as Moshood Salawudeen dead in the process. Many members also sustained various degrees of injuries in the pandemonium which said to have lasted hours. One of the victims who identified himself as Munirudeen Abdul Lateef told our reporter that, before the commencement of the programme, security men comprising of police officers, Amotekun Corps members and others were on ground but few minutes after their departure, the masquerades surfaced from an unknown place to inflict sorrows on the worshippers of the mosque. Speaking on the incident, the Imam of the Mosque, Qusum Yunus confirmed the story and explained that, “members of the society were attacked by the masquerades during a program tagged “Prayer for the Nation” to pray for Nigeria over the rising insecurity. The Chief imam who hinted that there was no disagreement between them and the masquerades said they had earlier passed through the area without attacking us but they later returned to where we all sat and started pelting us with stones and some policemen were in their company when they perpetrated the act. “They later shot at us and used machete on us. One person was killed. We have taken the corpse to UNIOSUN Teaching Hospital Morgue. Nine others are receiving treatment in other hospitals in Osogbo.” Efforts to get the Osun state Police Command Public Relations Officer, Yemisi Opalola to comment in the story as at the time of filing in the report proved barren. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE One killed, nine Injured, Imam on the run as Masquerades attack Mosque in Osun We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  One killed, nine Injured, Imam on the run as Masquerades attack Mosque in Osun Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.