The Hisbah, an agency saddled with the responsibility of enforcement of Shariah doctrine in Kano State, on Wednesday, announced ban on use of mannequins to display clothes by tailors, supermarkets and boutique owners in the state. This was just as the agency warned that the agency would embark on raiding of those places to remove them, describing the use of the mannequins for advert purposes as idolatery. Commander of the state Hisbah board, Sheikh Aroun ibn Sina, who announced the ban in the state, added that the use of mannequins by tailors, boutique owners and others contravened the provision of Islamic injunctions. According to him: “Hisbah prohibits the use of mannequins at shops, commercial and private residences and other public places. This violates Islamic provisions, it is also responsible for immoral thoughts among some members of the public, all these are against Islam. “We have divided Kano into five areas for the monitoring and implementation of the ban across the state.” He also said that the agency would embark on sensitisation of the people to educate them on how Islam frowns on the use of the mannequins, while the agency will send its officials to apprehend and prosecute offenders. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Kano Hisbah bans use  Kano Hisbah bans use Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Kano Hisbah bans use  Kano Hisbah bans use Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.