The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) will, on July 6, arraign Professor Dibu Ojerinde, former Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), at the Federal High Court, Abuja, for alleged N900 million fraud. Justice Obiora Egwuatu fixed the date on Monday after counsel to the ICPC, Ebenezer Shogunle, disagreed with the terms of the plea bargain application the defence counsel, P.A.O. Olorunnisola, had planned to file before the court. The operatives of the anti-corruption commission had, on March 15, arrested Ojerinde, in Abuja, on allegations bordering on misappropriation of funds. The commission said that the former chief executive officer allegedly committed multiple frauds while heading JAMB and the National Examination Council (NECO), the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported. In suit number: CR/97/21 filed before the court, Ojerinde is the sole defendant. When the matter was called for arraignment on Monday, the defendant counsel, Olorunnisola, told the court that arrangements were being made for a plea bargain. However, Shogunle, who had already been served with a copy of the process, disagreed with Olorunnisola’s submission, saying the commission was not in agreement with the terms in the application. Citing an authority to back his submission, the senior lawyer argued that the application for a plea bargain before arraignment was in conformity with the provisions of the law. Justice Egwuatu held that since the prosecution was not in agreement with the terms put forward by the defence, a written correspondence should be filed to the effect. The judge then adjourned the matter till July 6 for arraignment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  ICPC to arraign ex-JAMB Registrar, Dibu Ojerinde, July 6  ;  ICPC to arraign ex-JAMB Registrar, Dibu Ojerinde, July 6  ;  ICPC to arraign ex-JAMB Registrar, Dibu Ojerinde, July 6  ;  ICPC to arraign ex-JAMB Registrar, Dibu Ojerinde, July 6. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.