Omon-Obehi Ovuehor, founder and CEO of Sonaira Business World, has declared that one of the missions of the business is to teach young Nigerians business etiquette and open up business opportunities to them. “We are on a mission to teach Nigerian youths business skills,” she said. According to her: “There’s no better way to appreciate growth than starting small, starting from scratch. This has been the story of most successful businesses and Sonaira Business World is not an exception.” Speaking further, she noted: “We are aware that a lot of people avoid taking risks because they fear losing, but the worst risk is not taking any risk at all. Business is all about strategy, and it takes a determined and focused person to handle trade risks.” “My advice to a young aspiring entrepreneur is for him or her to develop a passion and make money out of it. This is the first step of breaking ties with poverty,” she said. She also added: “An entrepreneur is someone who can make something out of nothing, with or without big capital. It’s better to start small, make small mistakes and learn quickly; than to start big and make mighty blunders. This is one of the factors of having a sustainable business in this time and age.” On what Sonaira has in stock for Nigerians seeking an added stream of income, she said, “We have taken time to map out several programmes for everyone to fit in. Students, stay-at-home moms, corps members, civil servants, professionals, captains of industries and business enthusiasts can earn through our distribution. We offer opportunities to people to earn as they resell or refer others.” Omon-Obehi Ovuehor founded Sonaira Business World in 2015 after working in some organisations after graduating from the university and in two years, had turned it into a viable venture. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We are ready to teach young people recipe for business success We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  We are ready to teach young people recipe for business success Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.