The Baale of Araromi Village in Ibadan Chief Tafa Apanpa and his wife, have been abducted by some suspected kidnappers. The duo were reported to have been kidnapped by gunmen who stormed the village located in the Bakatari area of Ibadan on Tuesday night. Bakatari in Ido Local Government Area of Ibadan is a border town between Oyo and Ogun, located on the Ibadan-Abeokuta road. A resident of the community, who pleaded anonymity, told newsmen on Wednesday in Ibadan that the duo were kidnapped while it was raining on Tuesday night. The source said that their whereabouts were still unknown as of the time of filing this report on Wednesday. When contacted, DSP Adewale Osifeso, the state Police Public Relations Officer, confirmed the incident, saying efforts had been put in place to secure the release of the victims. “The incident happened very late on Tuesday, 22nd of June, at Araromi Village. “Efforts are in top gear to rescue both victims and apprehend the abductors, please,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Gunmen kidnap village head, wife in Ibadan Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Gunmen kidnap village head, wife in Ibadan [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…