The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has inaugurated a 2.1km Oke-Lantoro-Elite-Idi-Aba, on Wednesday, with an assurance that construction, rehabilitation and maintenance of intracity will continue in the 20 Local Government Areas of the State. He submitted that the road which had been in a bad state for years was one of the first set of road projects initiated by his administration, as part of the commitment to the implementation of its Infrastructural Development Programme. Abiodun said: “This project, Oke-Lantoro-Elite-Idi-Aba road, is 2.1 km in length. It will serve as an effective alternative and bye-pass to those who are coming from either Lantoro or Obantoko area or Asero and going to Idi-Aba or Ajebo road. They would not need to go through Iyana Mortuary Junction. “This will not only serve the purpose of reducing travel time and resolving traffic gridlock, it will also enhance the quality of life of residents around this area and increase the value of properties and become a source of prosperity to the owners, which is a major anchor of our governance vision. “Let me reassure our people that construction, rehabilitation and maintenance of intra-city roads will continue across all the 20 LGs in the state. We have reinvigorated the Ogun State Public Works Agency, OGPWA, to take on this challenge. We will continue to look out for, cater for and attend to the welfare, well-being and wellness of the people of Ogun no matter where they live in the state at all time.” Governor Abiodun said the road which was chosen for rehabilitation by his administration in conjunction with the Community Development Associations, traditional rulers and other stakeholders, would drastically reduce travel time and resolve traffic gridlock. While adding that the road was executed through direct labour under the supervision of Ogun State Public Works Agency (OGPWA) to ensure minimal cost without compromising the quality of the job. The governor emphasised that the method provided direct employment to the youth in the project catchment area and engage local suppliers of materials, thus supporting his administration’s agenda of socio-economic development of the state and individual prosperity of individual citizens. He explained that his administration’s holistic and methodical approach to the infrastructural development of Ogun had informed the reconstruction of arterial roads linking the state with Lagos State, such as Ray Power Road and Ikola / Navy – Osi-Ota Road in Ota, Ijebu -Ode to Epe road, and Atan-Lusada-Agbara road which was flagged few months and due for completion next year. The governor added that roads were being constructed in 18 out of the 20 Local Government Areas in Ogun, disclosing that via Transportation Masterplan the state will soon launch its ultra-modern mass transit bus system with the pilot scheme in Abeokuta metropolis. While urging residents of the area to take ownership of the road and protect it from vandals, Abiodun disclosed that the reconstruction of Phase 2 of the road from Oke Lantoro to Isale Ake on the other side of the Moshood Abiola way, will soon be commenced. “Furthermore, I have given a directive to relevant government agencies to dredge the canal that the water on this road drains into to ensure free flow of the drainage and preserve the life span of the road”, the governor added. Former Governor of the State, Chief Olusegun Osoba and the Alake of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo, commended the governor for reconstructing the road for the benefits of the people. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.Abiodun commissions 2.1km Oke-Lantoro-Elite-Idi-Aba road Abiodun commissions 2.1km Oke-Lantoro-Elite-Idi-Aba road SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!