President Muhammadu Buhari has issued a stern warning to the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) that the group will not have access to the sea if they try to secede from Nigeria. Buhari said this in an exclusive interview with Arise TV on Thursday morning. He said: “I was encouraged by what I heard. Nobody told me. Two statements from the South-South; one by the elderly people, they said this time around, there would be no access to the sea. And again, the youth made the same statement. So, that IPOB is just like a dot in a circle. If they want to secede, they will have no access to anywhere. The way IPOB members are spread all over the country, having businesses, and owning properties. I think they don’t know what they are talking about. “In any case, we said we will talk to them in the language they understand. We will organise the police and the military to pursue them. That is what we can do, and we will do it,” he declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021. VERDICT: False. FULL STORY: Some Nigerian students on May 27, 2021, got an SMS on their mobile phones from TETFund2021, informing them of their eligibility for the ongoing TETFund 20,000 grant. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…IPOB won’t have access to sea, will be like dot in a circle if they secede ― Buhari SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!