The Federal Government, through the National Population Commission (NPC) on Monday, commenced processes towards digitalization and automation of the Civil Registration and Vital Statistics(CRVS). This was even as it disclosed plans to increase registration centres across the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) to about 11,600. Chairman of the Commission, Nasir Isa Kwarra made the disclosure in Abuja, at a strategic partners’ meeting to co-create a digital civil registration and vital statistics roadmap. According to him, a fully functional automated CRVS system became imperative so as to breach the existing gaps in the system. He stated that by going digital, data end-users would have access to real-time data and also help in meeting up with international best practices. He said the meeting was strategic as it would provide an opportunity to draw a road map that will guide the development and implementation of a work plan that enhances CRVS coverage in Nigeria. He, however, noted that before the new innovation, the commission with support from UNICEF had introduced the Raapid-SMS, a real-time monitoring tool that enabled LGAs, States and FG to access data generated from generation. “However, the innovation is a summary of information and not a replacement to paper forms. Another innovation towards digitization of CRVS in Nigeria was the scanning of live birth/death registration forms using ICR scans News which converts analogue data to digital data that can be stored and analysed in electronic form,” he said. He further disclosed that the commission drew up a five-year National Strategic Action Plan on CRVS 2018-2022, which identified feasible and measurable interventions aimed at repositioning the system in Nigeria by 2022. On increasing registration centres, he said the commission currently has five centres in each LGAs adding that it is working to establish 10 additional ones in each LGAs to bring up the number to 15. “Surely, the registration coverage remains s very low with only 43 per cent of the estimated 5million children born annually in Nigeria registered at birth and more than 10 per cent of deaths registered,” he noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  FG to digitalise birth, death registration processes  ;  FG to digitalise birth, death registration processes  ;  FG to digitalise birth, death registration processes  ;  FG to digitalise birth, death registration processes. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.