The Katsina State government has pledged to sustain collaboration with security agencies in tackling armed banditry and other security challenges facing the state. The state Deputy Governor, Alhaji Mannir Yakubu stated this at a special prayer session for an end to insecurity organised by the 2018/2019 Forum of Caretaker Committee chairmen for Local Government Councils in the state. The Deputy Governor noted that the state government has since twenty fifteen participated in several joint security operations and provided logistics support to security agencies to tackle cattle rustling, armed banditry and kidnap for ransom in the North-west zone. He said these efforts have yielded significant results in terms of the rescue of kidnap victims, recovery of stolen animals and hundreds of arrests and prosecutions in the last six years. Earlier, Chairman of the ALGON Forum, Alhaji Haruna Jaa said the forum organised the special prayer session to seek God’s intervention to bring an end to armed banditry in the state which has lingered for almost six years. The prayer session drew Imams from the thirty-four Local Government Areas of the state where they held long hours of prayer for an end to the incessant banditry attacks in the central and southern parts of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Katsina govt holds special prayer, pledges to sustain collaboration with security agencies  ;  Katsina govt holds special prayer, pledges to sustain collaboration with security agencies. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Katsina govt holds special prayer, pledges to sustain collaboration with security agencies  ;  Katsina govt holds special prayer, pledges to sustain collaboration with security agencies. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.