TEN years after the passing of the co-founder and former Managing Director of Guaranty Trust Bank, Mr Tayo Aderinokun, the financial institution has opened its new training complex in his name. The Complex was commissioned on Thursday, June 24, 2021, and will be known as ‘Tayo’s Plaza.’ Mr Tayo Aderinokun was one of Africa’s most influential and renowned bankers. Born in 1955, his passion for excellence, entrepreneurial acumen and dedication to service led to his co-founding of Guaranty Trust Bank in 1990. He became the Managing Director of the Bank in August 2002, leading it to the enviable position of one of Nigeria’s best managed financial institutions until his passing on Tuesday, June 14th 2011. Situated in the tranquil city of Abeokuta, Ogun State, Tayo’s Plaza houses an eight storey training complex that includes 105 ensuite residential rooms, half a dozen lecture halls, two fully equipped libraries, an amphitheatre and a banking hall with 24 teller terminals amongst other facilities. According to the lender, all entrants to Guaranty Trust will now pass through Tayo’s Plaza, where they will undergo an intensive screening and extensive onboarding programme on delivering the best customer experience in financial services. Commenting on the opening of Tayo’s Plaza, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Guaranty Trust Bank, Segun Agbaje, said, “Through our new training complex, we will continue to nurture and empower young people to think critically and break new grounds in excellence.” In his Goodwill message, His Highness Khalifah Muhammad Sanusi 11,  the 14th Emir of Kano, expressed support to the efforts of Guaranty Trust Bank in developing its local content and building the professional capacity of its staff. He described the founders, Fola Adeola and Tayo Aderinokun as great minds in the Nigerian banking industry, adding that they demonstrated that it is possible to succeed in Nigeria and venture out despite the hardship and environmental challenges. “They remain a good example of a successful partnership. They were fulfilled. The naming of this center after late Tayo is a deserving tribute to one of the mentors of this bank and even other banks because many went through his professional tutelage. He was a great man indeed,” the Emir, represented by a member of his cabinet, said. Renowned for its forward-thinking approach to financial services and customer engagement, Guaranty Trust Bank was recently ranked Africa’s Most Admired Finance Brand in the 10th-anniversary rankings of Brand Africa 100: Africa’s Best Brands, the pre-eminent survey and ranking of the Top 100 admired brands in Africa. In 2020, the Bank was awarded the Best Bank in Nigeria by Euromoney Magazine for a record-extending tenth time and the Euromoney Excellence in Leadership Africa Award for its swift reaction in responding to the Covid-19 crisis and for addressing the impact of the pandemic on its customers and communities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.