Against the backdrop of the Sunday attack on Igangan community of Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State by suspected Fulani bandits which led to the killing of more than 11 natives, there was heavy security presence in the town on Monday, Nigerian Tribune authoritatively gathered. Sources within the community informed our correspondent that armed soldiers in ten Hilux vans are on the ground patrolling strategic locations to ensure the safety of the people. One of the sources also hinted that there are over 60 mobile policemen in Igangan, with a view to strengthening the security in the community. Though normalcy has been restored, the residents of Igangan were still traumatised by the overnight invasion of their community by suspected Fulani herdsmen, who razed houses, vehicles and other valuable property, including the palace of Asigangan of Igangan. When contacted, the chairman of Ibarapa North Local Government, Hon Lawal Lateef Akorede, confirmed the presence of security agents in Igangan, just as he disclosed that peace and order have been restored. He stated: “It is true that soldiers in 10 Hilux vans are in town. We have been given more mobile policemen too. I think they are more than 60 in number. But, we want the state government to assist our local hunters, who are members of the Vigilante Group of Nigeria (VGN). “The state government should empower the local government chairmen so that we can provide necessary logistics for our local hunters to carry out their duties of protecting our communities. “We have written a letter to Governor Seyi Makinde through the Commissioner for Local Governments and Chieftaincy Matters, Mr Bayo Lawal, on the need to empower council bosses, regarding the welfare and logistics of VGN members. We need government approval to employ more vigilante members, like 500 so that we can have enough men to meet our security needs.” On the speculation that some parents were hurriedly withdrawing their children from schools over an imminent attack by herdsmen, he said “it is not true. It is just a rumour. Please, disregard it.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.