The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Aliyu, has ordered police anti-cult unit to fish out gun-wielding cultists disturbing the peace of residents of the state. Aliyu said this in a statement issued by the state’s Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, in Enugu. According to Ndukwe, the commissioner’s directive follows the shooting of a young man in Awkunanaw axis as well as other violent cult activities and clashes in the state especially in Enugu metropolis recently. “The commissioner has ordered anti-cultism unit of the Command to conduct a discreet investigation to fish out and bring the assailants to book as well as other cultists at large,’’ he said. He said that the following call received at Awkunanaw Police Division today, June 3, at about 1 pm, alleging that a young man was shot by suspected cultists on Agbani Road, close to Garki Market in Awkunanaw, Enugu. “Police operatives swiftly moved to the scene, secured and rushed the victim to a nearby hospital, where he is responding to treatment. “Further development will be communicated on the incident,’’ he said. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.