Leading provider of connectivity solutions and superior colocation  services, Mainone, has  expanded its digital footprint with the formal launch of  its subsidiary, MDXi Data centre in Appolonia City, Accra, Ghana. The event, which took place at the premises of the Data Centre facility in Ghana last week, saw MainOne showcase the 100+rack facility to its invited guests. The guests took turns to tour the facility with an in-depth view of the advantages it presents to businesses. The Data centre offers customers the opportunity to host infrastructure in a facility guaranteed to provide high levels of availability and rich connectivity with a global network of customers, partners and suppliers therefore ensuring reliable delivery of services to businesses across multiple sectors. Mrs Veronica Rita Sackey, Director, PPBME, Ministry of Communication, Ghana, who represented the Minister of Communication at the event highlighted the fact that the strides taken by MainOne are laudable and key into the government’s digitisation agenda. Mr. Africanus Mensah, Chairman, MainOne Ghana, said at the launch ceremony, which was attended by government officials, dignitaries from the business community,the media and other distinguished guests that, “Ghana has waited for a premium and world class facility with the capabilities of the data centre that we are launching today at MDXi Appolonia City . We are confident that this world-class data centre will positively impact business growth in Ghana as it expands the frontiers of the digital revolution and transformation in our country and I am immensely proud as a Ghanaian national to be a major part of this  future enhancing benefits and development for our various business industries and ultimately our  beloved country,” In line with its parent company’s leadership in the telecoms sector, the new MDXi data centre offers open access connectivity options to all the leading telecoms networks in Ghana and direct access to MainOne and other submarine cable systems. It offers access to various Internet Exchanges including the GIX (Ghana), IXPN (Nigeria), LINX (London), DECIX (Frankfurt/Lisbon), and Cote d’Ivoire Internet Exchange (CIVIX), as well as the West Africa Internet Exchange (WAF-IX). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.