Ebonyi State command has debunked a rumour spreading on social media that an unidentified man died while having sex with his girlfriend at Amazing Grace Lodge, in Ndufu-Alike community in the Ikwo Local Government Area of the state. According to police spokesperson DSP Loveth Odah, the man died after inhaling generator set fumes inhalation while noting that the lady was also said to have been hospitalised after being rescued from the room. She said: “It was reported at the Ikwo Divisional Headquarters that two persons (a man and a lady) and the lady being a victim of the recent Izzi/Ikwo crisis, who had machete cuts on her body was undergoing treatment. “But her family didn’t allow her to remain in a hospital while receiving treatment. So, she went to a quarry site where she went to work and met a man, who was equally picking stones for sale at the quarry site. “According to an informant, it was late and they (the lady and the man) went home together. The man just decided to accommodate the lady that night. “It was when they slept off that fumes from the generator they put on got inside the apartment and affected them. So, the DPO immediately moved to the place and when they opened the door it was discovered that the man had died and the woman was still unconscious. “It was then that the DPO immediately took the lady to a nearby hospital for treatment. And I can tell you that she is stable now. “So, they were not having sex when the man died. Even it was found that the lady was on her menses two days before the incident. And medically, it has been proven that it was fumes from the generator that killed the man and was about killing the lady too.” However, a community source, who pleaded anonymity, said: “We just got the information from the Police Station in the area here of what happened. Personally, I don’t know what really happened. “But the whole news was that the man and the lady were having sex and as I said, I don’t know what played out, but the man died. “When the police broke into the apartment, the girl in question was unconscious; while the man was confirmed dead. “Since then, the story has remained the same. Nobody has actually told us a different thing other than that the girl was unconscious. So, that was what happened. And honestly, we don’t know whether the girl is a student or not.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.