The Rivers State Government has dissociates itself from the agreement signed by the Nigeria Governors’ Forum of  (NGF) Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) as a way of the on-going strike by Judicial workers. The Brick House said the agreement was not binding on it since it was not consulted before the agreement was arrived at. State Governor, Nyesom Wike while giving reason for the government’s declared that it was unfortunate that the NGF is signing an agreement with JUSUN, on behalf of state governments no one consulted with the Rivers State Government on the issues under contention. Speaking at the inauguration of the Senate Building of the Rivers State University and the foundation stone laying for the construction of the Faculty of College of Medical Sciences on Saturday, Wike stated that whatever NGF has signed is not binding on state governors. ALSO READ: FG, Twitter face-off: Withdraw suspension immediately, CITAD tells FG “Rivers State Government has implemented financial autonomy for the legislature and Judiciary. The judiciary has collected first and second quarters of their capital fund. We still use our money to do infrastructure for them in spite of what we give to them their capital expenditure,” Wike declared. He said his government has commenced implementation of “No work, no pay policy” against the striking workers restating that he would never sign any agreement with the JUSUN because both judicial and legislative arms of government in the state were enjoying full autonomy. Wike stated; “Governors’ Forum is not a Government.  It is an association of Governors to share ideas and not to sign agreement on behalf of State government. Even when they say something, I will have to come back to the State and call State Executive Council meeting, and we will take it as our resolution that this is what we are going to do. So, whatever they have signed with JUSUN, let me tell you people , it is not binding on Rivers State government.” He noted that the Rivers State University secured the support of the state government because of the harmonious relationship between the university management and the governing council. He said that amidst the ethnic coloration given to the appointment of the Vice Chancellor and Pro-Chancellor, there is visible proof that their appointment is justified given their achievements in turning around the fortunes of the institution. According to the governor the structural and learning infrastructure of the institution have been uplifted through the establishment of four additional campuses that would avail Rivers people more access to tertiary education. He said the remuneration and other conditions of teaching and non- teaching staff have also been enhanced, which has become the envy of their counterparts in other universities. Speaking further at the flag off of the construction of college of medical sciences building comprising of faculties of Basic Clinical Sciences, Clinical Science and Pathology of the Rivers State University, Wike announced the award of full scholarship for all the 55 students already admitted into the college of Medical Sciences of  the institution. According to him, the scholarship will last the entire period they will be on the programme. He has also directed the management of the institution to refund all fees paid already by the students, and forward their details to his office for computation. The Governor also mandated the Rivers State University to commence construction work on the building to house the School of Nursing within the premises where the faculty of Medical Sciences has been sited. Senator George Sekibo, representing Rivers East senatorial district commissioned the Senate building and commended Governor Wike for his giant developmental stride in the State. He explained that the governor has continued to take the lead in project implementation and will undoubtedly leave an indelible mark on governance of the state. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.