Amidst the scary security situation in the country fuelled by arms proliferation, the Senate, on Wednesday, passed the Firearms Act 2004 (Amendment) Bill 2021. With the amendment of the extant Act, the fine for illegal importation and sales of firearms was increased from N1,000 to N1 million. The Bill was passed after the Senate considered the report of the Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters led by Senator Michael Opeyemi Bamidele. Aside from the increase in the fine for illegal procurement, Section 35 of the bill was also amended to increase the fine to N3 million or imprisonment for 3 years or both for anyone who refused to surrender illegal firearms to the relevant authorities after the proclamation. Another major amendment was effected in Clause 39 of the Bill, which deals with the power to seize and destroy confiscated and illegal firearms. The new amendment made provision for the inclusion of other law enforcement agencies besides the Police and the military. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Michael Opeyemi Bamidele, told his colleagues that the N1,000 fine contained in the extant Act for illegal possession was not punitive enough and would not serve as deterrence to criminals with networks for illegal importation and sales of firearms in the country. He equally justified the need to expand the number of security agencies statutorily empowered to confiscate and destroy illegal firearms. He said: “This is necessary because the power to confiscate or seize illegal firearms should be all-inclusive and not limited to a particular arm of force or law enforcement agency,” he said. The bill equally amended sub-clauses (4) and (5) of clause 39 to allow firearms that are not of military serviceable grades but are serviceable, to be deployed for use by Civilian Joint Task Force and other Registered Vigilantes, under the approval and supervision of the Office of the National Security Adviser. According to the Senate representing Ekiti Central, “This is important because these joint efforts are also funded by the Government” He further argued that the bill has become imperative in view of the proliferation of firearms, coupled with the security challenges facing the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.Senate passes firearms amendment bill Senate passes firearms amendment bill Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.