Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has dissolved a 24-year-old marriage between a woman, Tosin Kornankye, and her husband, Kofi Kornankye, on grounds of financial exploitation and battery. Tosin in her divorce suit accused Kofi of being dubious and in the habit of siphoning money from her and squandering it. Kofi did not come to court despite been served court summonses. Tosin giving her evidence said: “My lord, I made a grave mistake the day I agreed to marry my husband. I regret everyday of our marriage. “Kofi is best described as a devourer. He has denied me joy and peace of mind since I got married to him. “My husband is bent on wrecking me and this attitude of his is taking its toll on my health and general welfare. “I have a good business and I’m financially bouyant, but Kofi is determined to pull me down as a result of his dubious acts. “He has refused to face reality. He has tall dreams and talks big, but will never put his hand to work. “My husband, being a dubious person, would always lie to me that he was carrying out a project and would appeal that I give him money to execute them. “I have given him money times without number before I realised he was a dupe. Kofi would collect money from me and squander it. He was always living big, thus giving a false impression about himself. “I bought him two vehicles for commercial purpose but he squandered the proceeds from this business and failed to carry out maintenance on these vehicles until they were no longer road worthy. “Kofi passed the responsibility of taking care of our children to me. He will always refer them to me any time they make demands of him,” she stated. Tosin added: “My lord, my husband is a brute. He is ruthless and has no respect for womanhood. Despite feeding and clothing him, he still has the guts to raise his hands up to hit me. “kofi beats me to a pulp any time we have a disagreement and will care less if I died. “He once drove me out of our apartment which rent I pay after we had a misunderstanding and refused that I come in. “It took the intervention of our friends before our differences were settled. “My lord, by the time I moved back to his house he has already taken a second wife. “Living and coping with Kofi and his new wife has not been easy. I’m tired of fighting every now and then. It is affecting my health. “I want to live long and be there for our children.  I, therefore, entreat this honourable court to end my marriage to my husband. I lose nothing walking out of it,” the plaintiff concluded. Giving judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade  stated that the defendant’s absence in court despite being served three court summonses showed that he was not ready to save his marriage. He added that it was imperative to end their union in order that peace might reign. Ruling, Odunade declared their marriage dissolved. He awarded custody of their three children to the plaintiff and ordered the defendant to pay N15,000 every month through the court as their feeding allowance. He advised both parties to maintain peace and ordered that a copy of the judgment be served the defendant. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.