Justice Oluwatoyin Taiwo of a Special Offences and Domestic Violence Court in Ikeja has granted Nollywood actor, Omiyinka Olanrewaju James, popularly known as Baba Ijesha, N2 million naira bail with two sureties in like sum. According to the judge, the surety must be a resident of Lagos with a visible house address and payment of three years tax. “One of the sureties must be a blood relation who will enter a N1 million bond with the chief registrar of Lagos State and one of the sureties must also be a legal practitioner.” Justice Taiwo granted the embattled actor bail after entertaining arguments from parties in the matter. Arguing the bail application, the senior silk, Babatunde Ogala stated that the bail application was brought pursuant to Section 105(2) and (3) of the Administration of Criminal Justice Law of Lagos State, 2015, and Sections 35 and 36 of the 1999 Constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended). He urged the court to grant Baba Ijesha bail in a liberal terms noting that he is presume innocent pending judgement over the matter. According to Ogala, the defendant also ought to be granted bail considering his popularity and the credible sureties provided. Meanwhile, the state counsel, Mrs Adeyemi, who stated that the offences contravene sections 135, 137, 261, 2020 262 and 263 of the Lagos State Criminal Law 2015, urged the court to consider the gravity of the offences and refuse the defendant bail. According to her, the defendant is a flight risk and can influence witnesses, if granted bail. Adeyemi said that the prosecution had six witnesses in the case. The actor is being tried over charges bordering on rape, sexual assault and abuse of a minor by the State Directorate of Public Prosecutions (DPP). Appearing before Justice Oluwatoyin Taiwo, the state counsel, Mrs Olayinka Adeyemi, said that the state had filed a six-count charge against the defendant urging the court to take the plea of the defendant. A prayer was granted and Baba Ijesha pleaded not guilty to all the charges levelled against him. Subsequently, Mrs Adeyemi asked for a trial date while asking the court to remand the defendant in a correctional facility pending commencement of trial. In a counter-reaction, the defendant counsel, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Mr Babatunde Ogala informed the court that the defence team had filed a bail application and have served same on the prosecuting team. He urged the court to grant them audience to argue the bail application. However, the state counsel, Mrs Adeyemi opposed the prayer, stating that her team is yet to verify the medical report which the defence relied on for his bail consideration. In a short ruling, Justice Taiwo granted the request of the defence team and asked parties to argue the bail application. The matter has been adjourned to 26, 27 and 28 July for the case of the prosecution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Court grants Baba Ijesha N2m bail  ;  Court grants Baba Ijesha N2m bail  ;  Court grants Baba Ijesha N2m bail  ;  Court grants Baba Ijesha N2m bail. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.