The National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS/JCC Ogun State Axis has called for the speedy passage of the bill proposing the establishment of a degree-awarding National Paramilitary Academy. NANS Ogun JCC in a statement by its chairman, Comrade Samson Adeyemi, said the academy will be of great reward to the country especially at this time when insecurity is confronting it. It further said the bill sponsored by a member representing Ijebu North/East and Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives, AbdelMajeed Adekoya, will bridge the unemployment gap “as jobs will be created.” It added further that the academy will help curtail the abuse and misuse of military/paramilitary privileges by security agents. The statement reads in part: “Now more than ever, we need to seek effective ways to grow outfits that are thoroughly schooled in the art of intelligent and civil discharge of security services to the Nigerian citizens as we see in more developed climes. “The bill brilliantly describes how the strategic siting of the proposed Paramilitary Academy in the Southwest region will not only save the government the cost of building from scratch but also will bring a significant balance to the perceived marginalization of the southwest and other regions asides the north in hosting federal academy for the various military schools.” Adeyemi, in the release, further said the students’ body supports it and will “see it to a successful approval and eventual assent by the House, Senate and the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING-! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.NANS calls for speedy passage of National Paramilitary Academy Bill NANS calls for speedy passage of National Paramilitary Academy Bill Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.