Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, recently dissolved a six-year-old wedlock between a couple, Alimat Onaolapo and her husband, Biliameen over alleged gross irresponsibility. Alimat who dragged her husband to court stated that as the head of the home, he refused to cater for her and their two children. According to the plaintiff, the defendant was always giving her a ridiculous amount for food. Alimat explained that Biliameen never gave more than N20 every day for her and their two children to feed on. She added that he contributed nothing towards their children’s welfare and running of the home. The plaintiff added that her life has been static since she got married to the defendant. Alimat expressed her desire to make progress in life and therefore pleaded with the court to dissolve their union. She further prayed for the custody of their two children in order that she might give them adequate attention. Biliameen, however, opposed the suit.  He prayed the court to prevail on his wife to stay with him. The defendant told the court he was managing a job with the co-operative society and was not buoyant enough to do everything expected of him. Alimat in her testimony stated that, “I have gone through hell married to my husband these six years. “My lord, Biliameen is a figure head. He bears the title breadwinner, but bread is scarce in our home. “My husband consistently starves me and our children. We appear malnourished and look like scare crow because we feed on little or nothing. Biliameen gives me and our two children only N20 to feed on daily basis. “My parents and siblings have often come to my rescue by giving me money and meeting in particular the children’s needs. “My parents have on several occasions counseled him, but he has refused to change. “Biliameen refused to set his priority right. He complained of paucity of fund the two times he was asked to clear my medical bills after putting to bed at the hospital. “My parents were left with no choice but to pay these bills on both occasions before the hospital authorities agreed to discharge me. “To my parents chagrin, Biliameen on both occasions threw big parties during our children’s naming ceremony. He lavished money on food and drinks and our guests ate to their fill. “My lord, Biliameen had money to throw parties but neglected me while I was breastfeeding our children. I was always looking lean and frail because he gave me neither money nor food. “My mother stood by us and ensured she covered up for my husband’s lapses. She concealed his shortcomings from outsiders but he never appreciated this. “Biliameen has no human feeling. He showed no concern towards my mother when her health started failing  her. He neglected her and didn’t contribute a dime towards her medical treatment while on admission in the hospital. She eventually died. “My lord, my husband is wicked. I have suffered enough in his hands. “I no longer love Biliameen. I am fed up with him. I entreat this court to separate us. “I also pray for the custody of our two children so that I can take proper care of them. Biliameen obviously has no time for them, ”she said. Biliameen responding denied all that his wife said. He told the court that,  “I do that which is in my capacity to run our home. I have always been a loving husband and dutiful father to Alimat  and our children. “Despite earning a small income, I still ensure my family is well fed. We always have food in abundance at home based on the operation of the organisation I am working with. “I took care of her mother when she took ill. I couldn’t have done more if it were my mother. “I plead with this court not to put an end to our union for the sake of our children,” Biliameen stated. Giving judgment after hearing both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, dissolved their union. He granted custody of the two children produced by the union to the plaintiff and ordered the defendant to pay N10,000 as their monthly feeding allowance in addition to been responsible for their education and other welfare. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Six months after  Six months after Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Six months after Six months after SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!