THE Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN) has unveiled a new strategic initiative with the acronym “ATEAM” being part of efforts by the institute to revamp banking practice in Nigeria. Speaking during a courtesy visit to the Management of Ecobank Nigeria, the President/Chairman of Council, CIBN, Bayo Olugbemi, explained that A-TEAM as an acronym represents Accelerated Development; Technology and Digital Enhancement; Engagement for Growth; Accountability and Transparent Leadership and Membership Drive for Value. Olugbemi commended Ecobank’s consistent support for the Institute over the years to ensure the realization of the Institute’s mandate of determining the standards of knowledge and skills development for those seeking to become members of the banking profession. The CIBN President stated: “We applaud Ecobank Academy as the first corporate member to become a member of the Global Business School Network and for the consistent support for the realization of the Institute’s mandate of determining the standards of knowledge and skills to be attained by persons seeking to become members of the banking profession.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!