The Federal Government has approved the extension of the appointment of Dr Folarin Gbadebo-Smith as the Director-General, Nigerian Institute Of Social And Economic Research. The extension which takes effect from May 31, 2021, came on the heels of his impressive tenure at NISER. Dr Gbadebo-Smith’s tenure extension came inspite of various allegations against him by some unions and some research professors. Nigerian Institute Of Social And Economic Research is a public research institute located in Ibadan, Oyo State capital. The center is one of the foremost publicly funded think tanks in the country and is a parastatal under the Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning. The extension will afford Dr. Gbadebo-Smith the opportunity to continue the process of repositioning the institute for relevance in the policy space as a world-class think-tank. Dr Gbadebo-Smith’s initial term at NISER was etched on the core mandate of NISER, influencing policy making and policy decisions in the Country. His first term brought much-needed reformat and a new strategic plan to the institution, which has yielded the creation of new departments and intellectual products. The first is the Research Management Department (RMD), with a core mandate to manage the research process, control quality and thereby improve the quality of research output. The second is the Knowledge Management Department (KMD) with a core function to co-create knowledge products from research output, which are relevant for public policy and decision making in government. KMD serves to drive NISER’s externally facing functions including policy engagement, external collaborations and brand management. It has the ICT and library divisions as critical divisions driving knowledge acquisition and technological relevance. These two new departments are designed to help NISER achieve a blend of scholarly research (through the RMD) and public policy relevance through KMD. Dr Smith is a recipient of many research awards and fellowships, having a background in dentistry, which is arguably the most versatile professional cadre that exists as this is evident in his subsequent career path. He has served as an elected Local Government Chairman of Ikoyi/Obalende LCDA in Lagos State for four years (2003- 2007) before earning a Masters degree in Public Policy as a Mason Fellow at the Harvard School of Governance between 2007 -2008. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  FG extends NISER DG’s tenure  ;  FG extends NISER DG’s tenure  ;  FG extends NISER DG’s tenure  ;  FG extends NISER DG’s tenure. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!