The Diocesan Bishop, Ijebu North, Anglican Communion, Church of Nigeria, Right Reverend Solomon Kuponu, has urged the Federal Government to consider the establishment of state and local policing to save the country from insecurity. He, therefore, advised the National Assembly, state governors and other stakeholders to invoke the doctrine of necessity, as a matter of urgency, to amend the nation’s constitution to authorise devolving policing. Kuponu stated this in his charge to the first session of the Sixth synod of the diocese, with the theme: ‘Extreme Cause, Extreme Cost, Jesus to the Rescue’, held at St Paul’s Anglican Church, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State, last Friday. The bishop submitted that the country as of now does not have a responsive government that is alive to its key responsibilities. “In 2015, when the present administration presented itself to us as the viable alternative to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), we all felt we have found the solution to Nigeria’s problems, particularly with the ‘Change’ mantra it came with. “The events of the recent times have clearly shown that indeed it gave us change, but not in the direction we were expecting. We see clearly that indeed we got a change. “A change in lopsided appointments to federal positions; a change that took away our freedom to move freely; a change that further weakens economy and many more. “The current security architecture featuring a single-centralised policing system has failed; state and local policing must berth to save the country. “There should be a national consensus on how to effectively tackle insecurity. As the Nigeria Governors’ Forum recommended, criminals must be swiftly apprehended and prosecuted,” he added. The cleric equally advised the Ogun State government not to relent on its oars in the fight against crimes and criminalities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.