The General Evangelist, Christ Apostolic Church(CAC) worldwide, Prophet Hezekiah Oladeji, has lamented the growing insecurity in the country, calling on the people to play their part by doing everything that would encourage peace in the society. The CAC cleric who spoke at the 19th edition of the 2021 power explosion crusade held at Erio-Ekiti, at the weekend emphasized the need for the citizens to move closer to God in prayer for the country to survive its current challenges. He said, “We should return to how God want us to live in a godly way for peace to return to Nigeria. All of us, government workers, the church of God, businessmen and women, political leaders, we need to be Christlike and we must be faithful to God.” While saying that utmost security comes from God, he noted that security should be from the community, “where people identify and take responsibility for themselves in their domain to join hands with government security operatives to curtail crime in the society.” Prophet Oladeji called on the government to empower the youths in various skills that can have a meaningful impact on their lives to reduce youth unemployment in the society, adding that, “youth themselves must also embrace skills and not only wait for government job.” On the scheming and intrigues going on among politicians ahead of the 2023 general election and the next year’s governorship poll in Ekiti, the cleric noted that the gladiators won’t decide who governs the country but God. “Nobody can dictate to God about what will happen in Nigeria in 2023. God is the owner of Nigeria and He knows His plans for Ekiti and Nigeria just the way God chose David as king against all expectations in the Jesse dynasty. Nigerians may not be surprised to learn that President Buhari’s successor may not have declared interest by now. “It may not even be among those parading themselves as presidential aspirant today. Buhari’s successor may not be a rich man. So, at this critical moment of our nation’s history, we must look up to God,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.