The Eleda of Eda-Ile in Ekiti East Local Government Area of Ekiti State, Oba Benjamin Osho, who was abducted by gunmen last week has regained his freedom. The traditional ruler was abducted while working on his farm in the community on Thursday evening and moved to an unknown place believed to be a nearby forest. The kidnappers had earlier demanded N20 million ransom which the family said was on the high side and pleaded for it to be reduced. A reliable source close to the palace informed Tribune Online that Oba Osho was released late on Sunday night at a bush in one of the neighbouring communities. “Yes, Kabiyesi has been freed on Sunday night by the gunmen after the family paid about N2 million from the N20 million initially demanded by the gunmen. The money was raised by many people and I have someone who contributed to it. “As I speak with you now, he is receiving medical attention at a popular private hospital in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital,” he said. The spokesman for the State Police Command, ASP Sunday Abutu, confirmed the release of the traditional ruler after a manhunt from officers of the command. Abutu who revealed that the monarch was dropped at a forest between Ode-Ekiti and Agbado Ekiti in Gbonyin Local Government Area of the state, however, denied knowledge of payment of any ransom. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING-! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Family allegedly pays N2m ransom to secure release of Ekiti traditional ruler Family allegedly pays N2m ransom to secure release of Ekiti traditional ruler Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.