Ile-Tuntun Customary Court , Ibadan, Oyo State, has dissolved the16-year-old marriage between a businesswoman, Toyin Bello, and her husband, Dotun, over infertility. According the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Toyin petitioned the court, seeking divorce on grounds that her husband starved her of sex for 10 years. Delivering judgment, the court president, Chief Henry Agbaje held that he dissolved the marriage in the interest of peace. Agbaje ordered Dotun to move out of the shared property within seven days. He warned that any attempt to cause a breach of the peace would be treated as a criminal offence. Toyin in her petition, told the court that she could no longer bear the shame of childlessness. “I got impregnated by someone else to shield me and my husband from the shame of childlessness. “Dotun refused me sex for 10 years. He also planned to kill me so that he could inherit my house. “I left my home and now live in a church at Ashi area in Ibadan. “ My lord, I  cannot continue to waste my time with Dotun, age is no longer on my side, please dissolve our union,” Toyin prayed the court. Dotun, however, opposed the suit, praying the court to beg his wife because she was a rare gem. “I agree that I have a medical condition which prevents me from having a child. She also locked me out of her room,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.