Nigeria’s former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, has urged Nigerians to cry to God for solution to the multifarious problems battling the country. He said this in his remarks during the 16th edition of Breakfast Prayer organised in his honour by the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Ogun State Chapter, on Saturday. He added that the nation’s leaders and followers are already overwhelmed by challenges. The former president at the prayer session held virtually quoted the Book of Psalms 27:7 in the holy scriptures to back his submission that fervent prayers remained one of the solutions to bring the country out of the difficult times. Obasanjo who is the Asiwaju Onigbagbo of Ogun State, an honour bestowed on him by the Christian body, said: “We seem to have been overwhelmed with the crises in our land, that is why we are here. “We have some challenges. These are beyond what we can handle we have to cry to God. “Our land needs to be healed. We have been overwhelmed, those in government, executive, legislators, public servant, civil servant, private sector, we are overwhelmed. “God cannot be overwhelmed. He is omnipotent, omnipresent. I believe God will heal our land that is the reason we are here.” The Archbishop of Lagos Ecclesiastical Province (Anglican Communion), the Most Reverend (Dr) Michael Fape, noted that things have fallen apart in the country. He submitted that the country at this point in time needs divine intervention. Fape who doubles as the Bishop of Remo said, “We steal, we embezzle the resources that should be used for public. He said, “Nigeria is in dire need of divine intervention. We should humble ourselves, repent of our sins and turn away from our wicked ways.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.