The National Association of Universities Students (NAUS), has condemned the gruesome murder of a student in Kaduna allegedly by the police, during a peaceful protest by the students in the state to reject increment in tuition fees. National Public Relations Officer of NAUS, Comrade Soneye Abdul-Azeez Lekan, in a statement on Monday, said the university students body was shocked to have received the report of the unjust killing of the student by the police officer who allegedly shot into the protesting students. The statement read in part: “Kaduna state had made an unpopular increment of tuition fee of the state’s owned institutions. “This retrogressive decision of the government had met a counter action by the students in the state and hence resorting to a lawful protest action stating clearly the demand for the reversal of the fees. “The governor rather than addressing the issue, had made a war declaration on the innocent students leading to uncivil attack and shooting of the protesting students. “It has been gathered that a student of the Kaduna State College of Education, Gidan Waya, Jema’a Local Government Area of Kaduna State, has been shot dead in the ongoing protest in the state. “We are not caught by surprise as the government of El-Rufai is popularly known for its infamous policies such as non-payment of salary of civil servants, illegal victimisation of labour leaders, increment in tuition fees among many other anti-people policies he had since so far made. “This backward reaction of the Kaduna state government is therefore totally condemned and shall be equally rejected by the National Association of University Students (NAUS) with all legal and political actions. “We, therefore, call that the officers involved in the shootings should be arrested and prosecuted without delay. “We make a clarion call on all Labour Unions, Civil Societies, Human rights organisations and well meaning Nigerians to join in the fight against this injustice,” NAUS stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  NAUS condemns killing of student in Kaduna ;  NAUS condemns killing of student in Kaduna  ;  NAUS condemns killing of student in Kaduna  ;  NAUS condemns killing of student in Kaduna. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.