Suspected kidnappers have reportedly shot a pregnant woman dead and kidnapped her husband in the ancient town of Offa, Offa local government area of Kwara State, on Saturday night. The Tribune Online gathered that the deceased, identified as Hauwa was a wife to a phone and accessories dealer in the popular Owode market, Lukman Ibrahim, popularly known as “LUKTECH.” It was also gathered that the incident happened about 7:00 pm Saturday night while Lukman was driving his father-in-law, his pregnant wife and one of their children home along Ojoku road very close to the Divisional Police headquarters. The eyewitness account said that the wife died on the spot after she was shot at close range, while her body that was first taken to the mortuary of Offa General Hospital had since been buried according to Islamic rites. A close family source, who gave more detail on the incident, said that “the deceased operated a chemist shop at Oshunte, along Ibrahim Taiwo Road, Offa. “The kidnapped husband was driving the family home when very close to the Divisional Police headquarters, less than two minutes drive, along Ojoku road, seven gunmen suspected to be Fulanis attacked them and shot the wife before whisking the husband away,” the source said. However, many people in the area were still in the dark on the reason for the killing of the wife while the father-in-law and the child were spared. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the Kwara State Police Command, Okasanmi Ajayi, confirmed the incident, saying that “The command is working hard to get the kidnapped victim rescued.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Gunmen kill pregnant wife, abduct husband in Kwara Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Gunmen kill pregnant wife, abduct husband in Kwara Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.