Amotekun operatives in Oyo State, on Tuesday, arrested two suspected bandits with AK-47 and pump-action rifles, as well as a Dane gun at Alapa Village, Lanlate town in Ibarapa East Local Government Area. The suspects, who were of Fulani extraction, were identified as Mumini Saliu, aged 45, and 25-year-old Ibrahim Suleiman. Also recovered from them were 82 rounds 7.62mm ammunition and seven cartridges, among other dangerous weapons. Tribune Online learnt that they were arrested after intelligence gathering and information on their presence in the village. During interrogation, the suspects, who could only speak in their language, disclosed that they were recruited from Katsina State by their leader. It was further gathered that the leader, who was coming on a motorcycle to where his members had stayed at Alapa Village, made a u-turn and escaped on sighting Amotekun’s patrol van. Confirming the arrest on Thursday, Amotekun’s media unit said that the suspects had been handed over to the Director of State Services (DSS), Oyo State Command, for further investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!