One week after the biggest supermarket in Ogwashi-Uku, Delta State was reduced to rubbles by fire, over three houses, a livestock farm, and two vehicles belonging to a titleholder were allegedly set ablaze by youths over a chieftaincy tussle. The wife of the chief, the Odogwu (warlord) of Ogwashi-Uku kingdom, Gabriel Ohai was allegedly molested while over 12 persons were left with degrees of injuries during the attack at the weekend. Narrating his ordeal on Monday in Asaba, Chief Ohai lamented the lawlessness and impunity of the youths involved in the attack. According to him, “Police came to re-arrest one suspect (name withheld) who led hoodlums to beat a 75-year-old man to death after an autopsy result. “The suspect who raised alarm and called his cohorts as early as 6am converge before the arrival of policemen to resist rearrest. “Immediately the police left, the hoodlums moved in their numbers to my house, pulled down my gate, fence and move to my palace I built, set my house ablaze, stripped my wife naked, raped her, burnt down my two vehicles and moved to my farm, 20 kilometres away from where I live, and set the building there ablaze. “My workers’ quarters were burn down, my livestock of over 3000 birds, 100 pigs and others were released into the forest. The farm was destroyed completely. Some of my property were looted other set ablaze “It became imperative for me to talk to the world, the government and human rights organisation to know what I am passing through in the hand of those who are above the law.” The Police Public Relations Officer, DSP, Bright Edafe when contacted, confirmed the events, saying the police are investigating the matter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.