Five people lost their lives on Wednesday as a result of a tanker explosion that occured at Ajilete axis Owode-Idiroko road in Ogun State. It was reported that two other persons sustained injuries due to the explosion. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that the tanker conveying 33,000, litres of diesel fell and spilt its content while descending a sloppy road, and immediately went up in flames. Confirming the incident, the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Commander, Idiroko Unit, Akinwunmi Olaluwoye, said the accident happened at about 8:15 am. He said further that the five victims were burnt to death while a bus and a motorcycle were equally burnt into ashes due to the explosion. He said “No vehicle rammed into the tanker. The tank dropped off from the back of the tanker and exploded. The number of persons involved are seven, five dead, two injured. “The driver had taken away the head of the truck as at the time we got there. But we have allowed policemen to take charge and handle that aspect.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Tanker explosion claims five  Tanker explosion claims five Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Tanker explosion claims five  Tanker explosion claims five SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!