Yobe State governor and  Chairman of the All Progressives Congress Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni will on Tuesday storm Gusau, Zamfara State capital along with some of his colleagues in the Progressive Governors Forum to officially welcome the governor of the North West state,  Bello Mohammed Matawalle into the APC. A “Letter of Invitation,”  sighted by Nigerian Tribune, dated June 26, 2021, and signed by Governor Buni informed certain chieftains of the APC to join him on the trip to Zamfara State Government House, Gusau for the elaborate reception slated for Tuesday to receive Governor Matawalle to the APC. The letter read in part: “The invitation is extended to you in your capacity as a critical stakeholder and a strong pillar, whose noble contributions, leads to the growth and development of the party in both your home state and the country. “The event is scheduled as follows: “Date: Tuesday 29th, June, 2021. Venue: Zamafara State Government House, Gusau. Time:2pm “Please, accept the assurances of my best regards as I look forward to receiving you at the occasion.” Checks revealed that Governor Matawalle, the Peoples Democratic Party candidate in the 2019 general elections emerged as governor following the pronouncements of the Supreme Court which stripped the APC candidate and winner of the election, Mukhtar Idris of his mandate. The five-man apex court led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Tanko Muhammad, removed all candidates of the party in the state in the 2019 general elections due to the party’s failure to conduct election for nomination of candidates as required by law. In a unanimous judgment of the court, delivered by Justice Paul Galinje, the court ordered candidates of other political parties that came second to take over as the duly elected contestants.  Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.