For its track records of service excellence, Nigeria’s foremost and leading ground handling service provider, Nigerian Aviation Handling Company, NAHCO Plc, has clinched the handling contract for United State based United Airlines for the next three years. United Airlines, having voluntarily exited the Lagos airspace since 2016, is making a return in November, with NAHCO as its preferred partner, providing passenger and ground handling services. According to NAHCO’s Group Executive Director, Business Development and Commercial, Prince Saheed Lasisi, who expressed excitement on the feat while making the announcement, described it as a boost for the industry saying: “NAHCO is excited to be the chosen one, we welcome United Airlines back to our airspace, and we are ever ready to provide the airline quality handling at all times, as being currently provided to our numerous client airlines.” In the same vein, the Company recently signed a five-year contract with Qatar Airways in Abuja, as well as renewed the Lagos contract for another five years. According to Prince Lasisi: “with the new contracts, which run for five years and coupled with the additional frequencies of Qatar flights to Nigeria and Ghana, we are glad to go even further to provide the top-notch services for which we are known and have offered the airline for the past nine years.” The newly renewed contracts cover all service areas, as it will see NAHCO provide passenger, cargo, and ground handling services to Qatar Airways. The contracts also include the provision of crew transportation and other ancillary services to the respected airliner. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  NAHCO clinches United Airlines handling contract  ;  NAHCO clinches United Airlines handling contract  ;  NAHCO clinches United Airlines handling contract ;  NAHCO clinches United Airlines handling contract. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.