 The governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, increased the monthly allowance of corps members serving in government schools, ministries, and state parastatals in Oyo State from N5,000 to N15,000. Makinde made this announcement, on Thursday, at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp in Iseyin, after commissioning the Moniya-Ijaye-Iseyin road. The governor while disclosing this to the 2021 Batch ‘A’ Stream two corps members currently undergoing their orientation course at Iseyin Camp stated that the allowance was increased to make corps members stay in Oyo State hardship-free. Noting that the current rate of N5000 was too meagre considering the cost of living. Makinde assured the corps members of the hospitable nature of the Oyo people and asked the corps members to feel welcome in the state. He however requested that they should contribute their quota to the development of Oyo State. He further added that in his effort at providing good healthcare delivery to the people of Oyo State, he would ensure all the health facilities are adequately staffed. He said in order to be able to accomplish this, the services of corps medical personnel would be needed. He, therefore, requested that all corps medical personnel be posted to the State Hospital Management Board. Earlier in her welcome address, the State Coordinator NYSC Oyo State Mrs, Grace Ogbuogebe appreciated the State Government for its supportive role and prompt payment of corps members allowance among others. She reminded His Excellency about the hostel facilities that were no longer adequate to accommodate corps members and officials. She also presented a request for a multi-purpose hall and a modern kitchen so as to make the camp more conducive for corps members. Using himself to testify on the important role of NYSC in fostering national unity and integration he said, “I am an example of how the national youth service could foster national integration. I wished them the best for the future.” It was also gathered that the announcement was welcomed with wide jubilation by corps members in the camp. In the entourage of the Governor were, the Deputy Governor, Engineer Rauf Olaniyan, Speaker of the Oyo State House of Assembly, RT. Honourable Debo Ogundoyin, other members of the State Executive Council and Heads of Oyo State Government Parastatals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Makinde increases Oyo Corps Members’ monthly allowance to N15,000 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.