An 18-year-old electrician, Victor Ogunleye, on Wednesday appeared before an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court for allegedly robbing a man of valuables worth N5.7 million. The defendant, whose residential address is unknown, appeared before Magistrate A.S. Odusanya on a two-count charge of conspiracy and armed robbery. Ogunleye, however, denied committing the offences and was admitted to N200,000 bail with two sureties in like sum. The court held that the sureties should be gainfully employed and show evidence of two years’ tax payment to Lagos State Government. According to the prosecutor, Insp. Emmanuel Ajayi, the defendant and other persons still at large committed the offences on Feb. 4 at Ajah, Lagos State. He said that the defendant and the others, armed with guns and other dangerous weapons, entered the residence of Mr Chidi Obi and robbed him of his property. “The defendant carted away jewellery, three iPhones, two Samsung television sets, drinks, clothes and shoes, all valued at N5.7 million. “When the defendant was eventually arrested, one of the stolen phones was recovered from him,” the prosecutor submitted. The alleged offences violate Sections 297 and 299 Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Section 297 stipulates 21 years’ imprisonment for armed robbery. The magistrate adjourned the case until July 15 for mention. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  Teenager allegedly robs man of N5.7m valuables  ;  Teenager allegedly robs man of N5.7m valuables  ;  Teenager allegedly robs man of N5.7m valuables  ;  Teenager allegedly robs man of N5.7m valuables.