The Youth Wing of the Christian Association of Nigeria (YOWICAN) has sued for absolute peace and tolerance among citizens of Nigeria. The youths called for the stop of killings and arrest of innocent people across the country, particularly in Igbo. YOWICAN, through its National Chairman, Hon Belusochukwu Michael Enwere, appealed to all stakeholders to work together to maintain peace and security so that killings and arrest of innocent persons and security agents would stop. Belusochukwu urged all good Imo citizens to join hands with the governor to build Imo State and develop Igbo enclave at large. He said: “Imo is ours and we should work in unity to preserve it for our own good.” The chairman stressed that the security situation in the country, especially in the South-East, saddens his heart, adding that “the situation in our land calls for urgent action and attention by political, religious and traditional leaders.” According to him, Nigerians could not afford to live in a season of anomie with the ongoing bloodshed and the way and the manner the youth, politicians, students and security agents were being killed without proper justification. “I wish to, on behalf of all Christian youths, as the National Chairman of YOWICAN, call for restraint and stoppage of all this deadly and anti-human act,” he pleaded. The chairman called on the Federal Government, state governors, the military, police and other security agencies to sit up and do the needful. He said: “The scars of the Civil War are still fresh in our minds and psyche and so, we cannot afford another war. War is bad and we totally condemn war. We want peace and cooperation. I am also appealing to the Federal Government, South-East governors, bishops and other clergymen, Ohaneze Ndi-Igbo, traditional rulers, the military, police and other security agencies, General Overseers, youths and opinion moulders to carefully handle this situation and nip it in the bud before it becomes too late. The time to avoid a needless war is now. Let peace and tolerance be our watchwords”. YOWICAN, therefore, called for peaceful dialogue across all sectors in the country, while advising the youth to “give peace a chance and stop forthwith these wanton destructions of lives and property.” He prayed to God Almighty to heal the land and return peace once again. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.