Niger State Police Command has described as untrue, the reports in some section of social media and national dailies that the Registrar/Chief Executive Officer of the National Examination Council (NECO), Professor Godswill Obioma, was murdered by gunmen in Minna, the state capital. This was contained in a statement on Tuesday in Minna by the command’s Public Relations Officer, Mr. Wasiu Abiodun, saying “the story is totally false, untrue and a pure element of fake news.” The statement however explained that “it is important to state categorically that on 31st May, 2021, the Registrar/CEO, National Examinations Council (NECO), Prof. Godswill Obioma, was rushed to National Hospital, Abuja, by his family members where he was later confirmed dead after a brief illness.” The image maker added that the family of the deceased has also confirmed the incident and formally notified the management and staff of NECO of the demise of the Registrar. The statement thereby urged members of the public to disregard the fake news, while advising news reporters to always verify their reports before publication to avoid creating unnecessary panic and fear in public domain. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Niger Police confirm NECO Registrar died after brief illness Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Niger Police confirm NECO Registrar died after brief illness BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.