A top official of the Gospel Musician Association of Nigeria (GOMAN), has advised people not to use the public criticism of the popular gospel musician, Tope Alabi, which generated lots of reaction on the social to shame gospel singers as well as course division among gospel musicians in the country. The Public Relation Officer of the association, Evangelist (Mrs) Bunmi Bankole (aka Asiriwura), said that though the embattled gospel musician, Tope Alabi is not a member of the association, the public should not make an issue out of the matter. Bankole stressed that gospel music as a whole is not at war, adding that, “GOMAN and its entire member are Christians to the core. We are not after material things either. We do our work and pray to God for inspiration. We are not commercial singers. Gospel music is a divine call and we are duly committed to God’s mandate.” Reacting to Tope Alabi’s public criticism of a fellow gospel musician, Bankole ascertained that the ‘Angeli Mi’ crooner made a mistake with her submission over the “Oniduro Mi” song, just as she noted that nobody is above mistake. “We are humans and let us believe that she made a mistake to have publicly criticised a fellow gospel musician’s work. “No one has the right to criticise anyone. The criticised song entitled, “Oniduro Mi” by Tolu Adelegan, who is an active member of the association, means ‘divine guarantor’. She has the full knowledge of what brought about the song. “According to her, she received the song through the Holy Spirit when things turned around for good for her the moment God stood for her as a guarantor. “Even if the high-ranking gospel musician, Mama Tope Alabi has anything to comment about the song she ought to study why the song was named ‘Oniduro Mi’, but she has made a mistake. “We are not in the position to condemn her because nobody is above mistake. The person whose music was criticised is a child of God and can manage information well knows how to address the case. But it is uncalled for people to make propaganda or show among gospel musicians,” she added. “Whether Tope Alabi is not a member and Tolu Adelegan is an active member, especially in the Ondo chapter of the association should not create envy. “On behalf of the association as the PR officer, we stand against every effort to undermine the association and even gospel musicians. A mistake has been done and those involved should settle it amicably and allow it to slide.” She also admonished gospel musicians to always be conscious of their actions and deeds, mostly in the public as well as should not for no reason undermine the depth of the word of God. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Tope Alabi’s gaffe: People should not shame gospel singers We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Tope Alabi’s gaffe: People should not shame gospel singers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!