Development Bank of Nigeria (DBN) has pledged to entrench positive environmental practices in its operations and amongst its stakeholders. At an event to mark 2021 World Environment Day (WED), on Wednesday, Managing Director of the bank, Tony Okpanachi highlighted some of the various challenges the environment is facing and concluded that DBN, will continue to prioritize and focus on issues of sustainability essentially, aimed at addressing some of these challenges. “The World Environment Day is a day set aside by the United Nations to raise awareness on and take action against various environmental issues such as marine pollution, human overpopulation, global warming, sustainable consumption, and wildlife crime. “We, as a Bank, will continue to align our operations with issues of sustainability by focusing on issues that put our environment at risk.” He noted that the 2021 celebration’s theme of “Ecosystem Restoration” was a call on governments, corporate organizations, and individuals to participate in growing trees, greening cities, rewilding gardens, changing diets, or cleaning up rivers and coasts. We are embracing this theme by contributing to the greening of our immediate environments in Lagos and Abuja,” he said. Okpanachi listed some of the activities the Bank and its subsidiary, Impact Credit Guarantee Limited, will be undertaking as part of this year’s celebration to include participation in the restoration of green space on school grounds – the planting of carpet grass, trees, and landscape designs by staff in selected schools, Government Junior Secondary School Durumi, Abuja, and Badore Community School, Lagos, as well as a financial endowment to “Green Clubs in the respective schools’’. “Today we also launched “Green Clubs” for our chosen schools in Lagos and Abuja. These clubs will teach the students how to respect and nurture the environment and will ensure that our efforts do not end after we leave, but truly become sustainable solutions for our communities, moving forward,” he noted. In addition to the two-phased activities, the Managing Director also, announced that the Bank is partnering with MOE +Art Architecture, local sustainability enabled design and architecture firm focused on creating sustainable practices and methodologies, to research, test, and archive local indigenous sustainable materials from four geographical locations in Nigeria. “By partnering with a local design and architecture firm, we are contributing to research on reusable materials. “It is our vision that this body of work will enable MSMEs across Nigeria to innovate and use available local materials as a source of wealth generation,” he explained. World Environment Day is celebrated annually on 5 June and is the United Nations’ principal vehicle for encouraging awareness and action for the protection of the environment. It was first held in 1974 and has since then, been acknowledged as a global platform for raising awareness on environmental issues. It provides an opportunity for businesses, non-government organizations, communities, governments, and celebrities to advocate and pursue environmental causes. Over 143 countries participate in this celebration annually. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  DBN pledges commitment to environmental sustainability ;  DBN pledges commitment to environmental sustainability  ;  DBN pledges commitment to environmental sustainability  ;  DBN pledges commitment to environmental sustainability. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.