Niger State government has said it has concluded plans to reintroduce animal tax system as a way of ascertaining the actual number of nomads in an effort to checkmating the illegal activities of cow rustling, banditry activities and other forms of crime across the state. The State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello stated this during a recent visit to Emir of Kagara in Rafi Local Government Area of the state. The Governor said. If reintroduced, Animal taxation would help to have comprehensive data of animals and pastoralists in every community in the state. The Governor who commended the Emir of Kagara on vital plans and approaches to security issues in his domain since he assumed office, mentioned that henceforth traditional institutions in the State would be given full responsibilities of adding value to security activities in their respective domains. “The Traditional Institutions right from Ward’s head ( Mai Unguwa), to district heads up to the highest traditional title holder in the community, would be saddle with the full responsibility of checkmating day to day activities in his locality. “Ward head(Maianguwa) should be able to ascertain the number of household and people living in his ward.” The animal taxation according to the Governor of Niger State is designed to have actual data of those engaged in rearing animals as well as have a clear record of those residing in his community for a security update. He said traditional rulers in the State have henceforth been informed of the government’s intention of the new tax policy. The Niger State Governor, however, said his administration has already put in place measures of bringing back lost traditional values that were deliberately abandoned due to selfish political reasons across communities in the state. This according to him would enforce discipline and other socio cultural values needed in the crime community. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Niger govt reintroduces animal  Niger govt reintroduces animal Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Niger govt reintroduces animal Niger govt reintroduces animal Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.