Management of the Obafemi Awolowo University ( OAU), Ile- Ife on Friday said that all students are expected to resume residence of the institution for the rain semester from Saturday, 19th June 2021. The management made this known in a statement signed by the institution registrar, Mrs I. Omosule and made available by its Public relations Officer, Mr Biodun Olanrewaju in Osogbo. The statement read: “Having observed the semester break from the 5th to the 18th June 2021, all students are expected to come into residence for the Rain Semester from the 19th June 2021.” “Students are to note that lectures will start on Monday, 21st June 2021 and will take hybrid form. All special elective courses and large classes (more than 250 students) will be taught virtually while those with lesser registered student population will have their lectures delivered in the physical mode”. “Meanwhile, the University Management is reiterating strict adherence to all COVID-19 protocols, which includes, regular washing/sanitizing of hands, maintenance of social distancing and wearing of face masks”. “We wish all our students a peaceful continuation of the 2019/2020 Academic,” the release concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…OAU management orders resumption  OAU management orders resumption Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…OAU management orders resumption  OAU management orders resumption SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!