The Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje on Thursday raised an alarm over the alleged grouping of bandits in Falgore forest in Kano and pleaded with the military to take urgent action against the gathering in the interest of the people of the state The governor raised the alarm when he paid a courtesy visit to the Service Chiefs at the Defence Headquarters (DHQ), Abuja. The governor, who lamented that the bandits had started grouping themselves in the forest, expressed the fear that they might be planning to carry out attacks on communities in the state. The governor, while saying that the state government was working hard to open up the forests declared that he was committed to supporting the security agencies to sustain relative peace in the state. He pleaded with the Chief of Army Staff, Major-General Farouk Yahaya that the Nigerian Army should hasten work on the Army Training Depot at Falgore forest. He said this was to ensure that the military took total control of the forest which would make the place a no-go area for criminal elements. Gov  Ganduje attributed the prevailing peace in the state to the cordial relationship between the government and security agencies. “I am also here to seek the help of the Nigerian Army to sustain the peace in Kano State; bandits have converted some forests in the state to hideouts. “We are building houses, schools and hospitals for the herdsmen in some of the forests but we want the Army to commence activities at the Falgore forest,” he said. While responding, the Chief of Army Staff, promised to visit Falgore to see how work could resume on the Army training facility in the forest. Gen Yahaya said that the Nigerian Army in synergy with sister services and other security agencies was committed to overcoming security challenges across the country. The Kano governor also visited the Chief of Defence Staff, General Lucky Irabor and other service chiefs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.