After one year and five months after she was declared missing, the body of a female officer of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC), Josephine Cynthia Onche, has been found in a shallow grave in Obi local government area of Benue State. The NSCDC officer was declared missing by her family in Otukpo local government area of the state in December 2019 few days to her wedding. After several months of search, her body was found dead in a shallow grave in Obi local government area of Benue State. She was declared missing after she was said to have gone to the market to buy stuff in preparation for her wedding. Her late father, Chief Inalegwu Onche was the mayor of Otukpo. Sources revealed that the body of lady Cynthia was exhumed last week. The discovery of the lady’s remains were made possible when her prospective husband was arrested and after which he took the security operatives to the shallow grave. According to the source, “an Okada man who knew what happened to late Cynthia Onche went to her family members and gave them the report. “The Okada man led security operatives to arrest her proposed husband who is an Igbo man. He led the police to Ogun State where they arrested the native doctor, a Yoruba man who performed the ritual at Obi local government before relocating to the South-West state later.” Benue State Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), NSCDC, ASC Ejelikwu Michael, declined to comment on the matter, saying he would rather speak on the matter at a later date. But a source in the Civil Defense but pleaded not to be mentioned confirmed the report and hinted that the deceased officer was buried in Otukpo on Tuesday. According to the insider, the news of officer Cynthia’s demise one and half years after she was declared missing had thrown the command into mourning again. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.