The Police Command in Kebbi State on Saturday confirmed that bandits killed 88 people in Danko/Wasagu Local Government Area of the state on Thursday. This was just as another set of five persons were killed in Kaduna State. The Kebbi State Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Nafi’u Abubakar, who confirmed the figure, said all the victims were killed in eight different communities in the local government area. According to him, the command has so far recovered the 88 bodies and dispatched a detachment of operatives to maintain law and order in the affected communities. “The killing took place in Koro, Kimpi, Gaya, Dimi, Zutu, Rafin Gora and Iguenge villages, all in Danko/Wasagu LGA of Kebbi State. “Initially, the bodies recovered were 66 but as I am talking to you now, about 88 bodies have been recovered,” Abubakar said. In Kaduna State, the government disclosed that the five victims of bandits attack were from Chikun and Igabi Local Government Areas of the state. The Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan, said this in a statement on Saturday. Aruwan explained that bandits killed two persons in Chikun LGA and razed two buildings including a place of worship in the area. The commissioner said the other three were killed at Lambar Zango area along the Kaduna-Zaria Road in Igabi LGA. He said Governor Nasir el-Rufai had consoled the families of the victims and prayed God to grant the deceased eternal rest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.