Jonathan Kvicky has always been curious about business and entrepreneurship. He has even tried investing in many businesses at a very young age. His first business venture which proved to be fruitful was a PR/Marketing company which fetched him a good amount when he sold the company. He was just 18 when he developed the marketing platform. Being a sellout at just 20 gave him the boost to carry on this path. He knew his dream was worth turning into a reality. Jonathan Kvicky currently works as a Senior Software Engineer at Sony PlayStation in Los Angeles, California. His passion for tech startups, investing, blockchain technology, and entrepreneurship still remain the same, in fact, it has raged even more than his teen years. Jonathan has recently turned 32 and has been a success thanks to his in-deep understanding of whatever he takes part in. Jonathan believes in supporting the youth and making efforts in helping them with the business set-up. Today’s generation is really taking entrepreneurship seriously and in the near future, we might see an increase in the number of millionaires. 2020 ensured to convey the message of having your own business set up as a necessity. Jonathan Kvicky has proven his worth time and again and continues to be a domineering force who has the power of deciding the market trends when it comes to investing in technologies. NOIA Network looks to be another wise move.  He recently showcased his prowess by 10x-ing an investment of $20,000 into $200,000 in just two months. As alluded to above, young minds are being attracted to the cryptocurrency space not only because of the money-making power it has but also the chances of being a global success, following the likes of Elon Musk. A 9-5 job will only give you a limited return in future, there is no chance of skyrocketing. “We live in an exciting time right now,” Jonathan says, “where a new digital fabric is being overlaid on the world as we know it – and it’s truly ground-breaking.” Sure, Jonathan Kvicky has come a large way from where he started. Today he has reached such a high which many just can imagine in mind but are not able to convert into reality. It would be great to see what Jonathan Kvicky does next. If you’d like to reach out to Jonathan and are curious about more updated details regarding him, kindly follow him and stay connected with him, he can be reached via his personal Instagram account: https://www.instagram.com/jtk/ SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.