APPARENTLY, Nigeria is at a crossroads. It needs a quality and worthy leadership that will endure through generations. As postulated by John C. Maxwell, such leader “is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.”  He must be able to demonstrate such ability to inspire action through proper guidance and mentorship, as well as use their knowledge to educate others along the way. Many say we do not really need a ‘great leader’ at this point in the nation’s history. According to them, the country needs someone who can dare the dreadful system and do what others see as the impossibilities. At the opening of the two-day Constitutional Amendment Zonal Public hearing held in Lagos State, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, made a fundamental statement on the place of constitutional framework in a democracy. He said a nation’s constitution is the foundation of its existence. It is supposed to set the terms of our nationhood and define who we are in a manner that reflects both our common truths and highest aspirations. The general belief among Nigerians is that our constitution falls short of this standard because the 1999 Constitution is the product of a hurried national compromise that we entered into two decades ago in other to ensure that the military returned to the barracks. The consensus in most political circles is that Nigeria needs a near perfect constitution that significantly alters the character of our nation; a constitution that resolves the issues of identity and political structure, of human rights and the administration of government, as well as resource control, national security, all of which tend to hinder national progress and prosperity. As the constitution review public hearing was in progress,  a former Governor of Ondo State, Olusegun Mimiko, who was among the guest of honour at the launch of a book titled: Labour, Politics and Grace in honour of the 71-year old Honourable Joseph Akinlaja, upped public discourse in Abuja. He canvassed for inclusion of a clause that will confer addition powers on the National Assembly to initiate a new Constitution that will serve a heterogeneous multi-ethnic, multinational, multi-religious country like Nigeria. It is the template of the constitution of Switzerland. Mimiko also proposed the amendment of the existing constitution to enable the federating units to have a level of semi-autonomy (restructuring). According to him, Switzerland has an amendment clause in its constitution which provides that the document can be done away with for the purpose of starting afresh. And starting afresh means convoking a Constituent Assembly, with the members elected and whatever is the outcome, will be ratified through a referendum. “Even if it’s that clause that is put into the amendment, I’m sure the whole of Nigeria will thank you. Then,  at the appropriate time, we will do away with this constitution and come forward with a truly federal constitution that will serve a heterogeneous multi-ethnic, multinational, multi-religious country like Nigeria. I think a restructured Nigeria, where the federating units have a level of semi-autonomy will be able to drive this country forward. I’m saying this because whether we like it or not, we are perching at the precipice and anybody that does not recognise it must probably be living in Saturn or outer space. This country is perching on precipice and all men of goodwill must rise to pull the country back.” Indeed, the buck stops on the table of Mr President and, according to Mimiko, the president has to understands that he “will not be judged by the number of kilometre of standard gauge railway; history will not judge his accomplishment through the Second Niger Bridge, but to what extent he rides up and addresses insecurity in our nation.” The issue of referendum was also raised by a former Minister for Education, Dr Oby Ezekwesili. She called for amendment to the 1999 Constitution (as amended) to allow for a referendum so that Nigerians can affirm a new constitution of their choice. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.