The Yusuf Maitama Sule University, Kano, Kano State, has solicited the support of the Ministry of Communication and Digital Economy for the establishment of an Information and Communication Technology (ICT) and Artificial Intelligence and Robotics centres in the institution. The university’s head of Public Relations and Protocol, Malam Abdullahi Abba-Hassan, who disclosed this in a statement issued, said the Vice Chancellor of the university, Professor Mukhtar Atiku-Kurawa, asked for the support when he visited the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Pantami, in Abuja, recently. He said that such support would assist in enabling the university to graduate students with required digital skills that would make them self-reliant and employers of labour, in addition to boosting the institution’s academic programmes. Responding, the minister assured of the ministry’s support to the development of the university for the progress of  the education sector. Isa-Pantami told the VC that his elevation from Rector of the state Polytechnic to his current position, indicated his determination and commitment to duty. Atiku-Kurawa also paid a similar visit to the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Muhammad Sabo-Nanono in his office, to ask for similar support, while commending him for his efforts at promoting agriculture and rural development across the country. Sabo-Nanono assured the VC that the ministry would assist the university as requested, in addition to linking the institution with donor agencies for the development of the university’s infrastructure. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!