Governors of the South-West states under the aegis of the South-West Governors Forum, on Sunday, condemned the fresh attack on Igangan community, Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, by people suspected to be herdsmen, leading to loss of lives and destruction of property. The governors have also directed the commanders of the South-West Security Network, Amotekun, to convoke a joint security meeting of all commanders in the South-West with a view to commencing joint operations in the region immediately Chairman of South West Governors Forum and the governor of Ondo State, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, in a statement by him, described the attack on the peaceful community by the bandits as horrendous, callous, and highly provocative. According to the statement: “We have just received with rude shock premeditated attack on our people at Igangan, Ibarapa, Oyo State, in the early hours of today. “This cowardly onslaught on a peaceful community has occasioned loss of lives and property on a large scale. It is horrendous, callous and highly provocative. “All well-meaning Nigerians must condemn, in the strongest term possible, this latest assault on decency and communal harmony. “While we will encourage the security agencies to get to the root of this latest act of provocation, we have directed the commanders of the South-West Security Network, Amotekun, to convoke a joint security meeting of all commanders in the South-West with a view to commencing joint operations in the region immediately. “We must reiterate the fact that certain elements are bent on causing friction among the peoples of this country with the sole aim of achieving a pernicious end. “They will stop at nothing until their set goal is realised. It is, therefore, incumbent on all lovers of peace and freedom to rise against this current regression into savagery. “We on our part are resolved to defend our people, their property, and all legitimate means of livelihood against both internal and external aggression. “On this, there will be no compromise. We call on our people to remain vigilant and report any suspicious movement in their communities. “In addition, they must be united in the task of defending our lives and properties. We cannot afford to fail” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.