The Chairman, Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Ministerial Taskteam on Traffic Management, Mr Ikharo Attah, on Monday, described as barbaric and inhumane, an attempt by a truck driver, Mr Wilson Aniete, to kill the ‘Truck Timing Unit Head’ of the Directorate of Road Traffic Services (DRTD), Mr Udunobun Otaigbe, popularly known as ‘Santos’ on the Kugbo stretch of the Abuja-Keffi road. The driver of the Mitsubishi truck with registration number AAA 477 XB was said to have rammed into Mr Otaigbe while on official duty at the weekend. It was further gathered that Otaigbe had earlier pleaded with drivers of heavy-duty vehicles to be patient during peak periods to prevent multiple road crashes on the road before he was knocked down around Karu bridge. “The truck was initially flagged down and parked by the roadside, but in an attempt to escape, the truck driver started the vehicle and ran into the senior officer who was attending to other issues and not looking in the direction of the parked truck,” another witness said. With the aid of men of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) and other security personnel, the truck driver, Mr Aniete was quickly apprehended and taken to the Karu Police Division, while the victim was rescued and taken to the hospital. Reacting to the incident during his visit to the victim at the intensive care unit of the Asokoro District Hospital, the task team chairman lamented that: “These are the drivers responsible for the high profile accidents that claim several lives on the road during rush hours. For goodness sake, why will the driver decide to drive off when already parked by the men who were carrying out their official duties? “The driver will be prosecuted for this gruesome act. When the judicial workers resume after the Democracy day public holiday, he will be arraigned possibly on charges of voluntary attempted murder, evading arrest and other traffic violations,” he said. It will be recalled that the truck timing unit of the DRTS Kugbo Area command was formed several years ago, following an FCT ministerial directive that heavy-duty trucks be not allowed to ply the road at peak hours (morning and evening) when workers are either going to work or returning home after the close of duty.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!