The Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU) has lamented that the lack of modern editions of books, computers and software programmes in libraries across the country could not advance the e-learning process which is an acceptable standard of learning in other countries of the world. The union also decried the condition of most of the state libraries across the nation, saying that most of them have been turned into museums for ancient books. NASU which consists of various international and national examination bodies and library employees in the country stated this on Tuesday in Bauchi during its quarterly meeting held at the Bauchi State Library complex. National Deputy President of the union, Mr Obabunmi Sunday, while delivering his speech, stated that ancient books now dominate the facilities in the country thereby making e-learning very difficult for most especially students and other researchers. He lamented that: “The deplorable conditions of our libraries in Nigeria cannot be overemphasized, especially in the state-owned libraries across the Nation. Most of them have been turned into a museum where ancient books and educational materials are kept for records purposes”. Obabunmi Sunday added that “Moreso, the buildings and the other facilities in the library boards are grossly dilapidated and not conducive for effective learning and research.” He lamented further that the development has not in any way encouraged the students to make use of the libraries stressing that, “No nation can advance in this era of globalization which also affects modern technologies without investing in the research and reading culture of the children, acknowledging the fact that a child education is a long term investment for the nation.” According to him, “As stakeholders, we have continuously appealed to the Federal and State governments to see the need to rehabilitate and equip the national and state libraries and we hope that our plea will see the light of the day even in the prevailing situations of this present government.”  The NASU Deputy National President however commended Bauchi State Government for what he described as one of the best library edifices in the country well stocked with the required information a standard library should have. In his opening remarks, Bauchi State Chairman of the union, Alhaji Abdullahi Tafida Bello, commended the Bauchi State government for rectifying the issues of omission of the salaries of the rank and file membership of NASU. He, however, urged the state to implement leave grants, promotions and payments of omitted salaries to the affected workers. Head of the Civil Service in Bauchi state, Aliyu Jibo, urged the union to maintain the struggle for the betterment of the rank and files of its membership. The HoS said that “In view of the role played by workers in the implementation of Government policies and programmes, we as a Government are duty-bound to give them what rightly belongs to every worker in the State given the availability of scarce resources. Your members in the Library Board can testify that.” Aliyu Jibo who was represented by the Director of Training said that “It is for this reason that since this present Administration came on board, all necessary types of machinery have been set in motion to ensure right things are done. We will also overhaul and revitalize the Civil Service to make it more effective and result-oriented. To this end, we shall embark on a well-planned capacity building programme with a view to sharpening workers skill thereby institutional more professionalism in the service.” Representatives of the West African Examination Council, National Examination Council, Joint Admission and Matriculation Board, National Business and Technical Examination Board and other related trade unions were in attendance at the event. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  NASU laments lack of modern books, computers, software programs in Nigeria libraries, decries state of libraries, reading culture  ;  NASU laments lack of modern books, computers, software programs in Nigeria libraries, decries state of libraries, reading culture  ;  NASU laments lack of modern books, computers, software programs in Nigeria libraries, decries state of libraries, reading culture  ;  NASU laments lack of modern books, computers, software programs in Nigeria libraries, decries state of libraries, reading culture. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.