The Ogun State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Hon Afolabi Afuape, has disclosed that over N2 billion was used to augment local government allocations in the last six months. Afuape said this was contrary to the rumour making the round that the State Government had been using the LG funds to its advantage. The Commissioner disclosed this during the June 2021 Joint Account Allocation Committee meeting (JAAC) held at Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta, on Wednesday. Afuape noted that the present administration is operating an open system, which would not hide the facts from its citizens while asserting that transparency would prevent misconceptions from the general public. Afuape said the Statutory meeting was backed by the Nigerian constitution, adding that it has become usual practice, since the inception of the present administration to always invite all the stakeholders, which includes, Local Government Chairmen, Representatives of Pensioners, NULGE, Traditional rulers and the State Government come together on a monthly basis to discuss the allocation from the Federal Government. “This Statutory meeting is backed by the Constitution, the purpose is to come together and look into the allocation of the Local Government. This will prevent the misconception that it is the State Government that makes use of the council’s funds. Everybody will have the opportunity to see what comes to LGAs and how it was disbursed.” Afuape said. He said, apart from the augmentation, the State Government had also at two different occasions given grants to the Local Governments to execute people-oriented projects, adding that the present administration has promised that councils in the State would not be salary paying centres only, but would also serve the needs of the people at the grassroots. Transition Committee Chairman, Odogbolu Local Government, Hon. Obafemi Onakoya, said, it was expedient that the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) be improved upon, this he noted would help to lessen the dependency of councils on the Federal Government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.Ogun augments LGAs allocation with over N2 billion in six months Ogun augments LGAs allocation with over N2 billion in six months Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.