It is a fact that officials of  Ogun State Government has commenced issuance of contravention notices to building owners , who are constructing their houses in flagrant disobedience to the state’s regulations on physical  planning and urban  development. The state authority is carrying out the exercise through its Urban and Regional Planning Board, Development Control Department However, what is not sure is whether the state government would close its eyes to the ongoing building development on a major access street, off Channel Television Road, Isheri, Ogun State. Some of the residents, who did not want their name in print, urged government to help sanitise the community of illegal building constructions that negate the estate’s master plan. Another resident alleged that the property in question was just one plot but its owner went ahead to extend it to cover the access road in the area. “All eyes are on Ogun State Urban and Regional Planning Board whether it will allow this illegality to scale through. We (residents) are ready to challenge the illegality,” the resident said. Already, Nigerian Tribune gathered that officials Ogun State Urban and Regional Planning Board via its Development Control Department at Isheri/Ibafo Zonal Office, Warewa have served notices on building owners in Isheri for various offences. When visited the estate at the weekend, some properties under construction were marked to have contravened the Urban and Regional Planning Law of the state. Noticeable among the physical developments was a new property under construction on Reo-Habilis Street, which was marked for contravention on the account that the owner extended its fence to block the access road, thereby, turning the route to a close. A cursory look at the signed contravention notice pasted on the fence, it stated the offences of the property’s owner. The contravention notice, dated June 16, 2021 and titled “Ogun State Urban and Regional Planning Law No 20 of 2005: Contravention Notice with S/No 0006990,” urged the property owner to remove his fence on the access road. It read: “Upon inspection of the property at the above address affirmed that the provisions of the Urban and Regional Planning Law No 20 of 2005 and the enabling regulations of the state has been contravened in respect thereof: “Your contraventions consist of the following: Construction of fence without/ permit; blockage of access road. Remove the fence immediately.” The notice read further, “if you dispute the above contravention, you are requested to bring all documents in support of your case including your development permit to  the undersigned within 24 hours  of the service of this notice to you.” It further warned that if he fails to remove the contravention within seven days from the date of service of the notice, the said “contravention shall be demolished after the service of demolition notice on you.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…