President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday restated his vow to deal with criminal elements undermining the security of lives and property in the country. He made the remarks at the International Conference Centre, Abuja, the venue of the Progressive Youths Conference organised by the All Progressives Congress national leadership. Represented by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, (SGF), Boss Mustapha, President Buhari said masterminds of security challenges in several states across the country would be brought to book. While advising Nigerian Youths not to allow themselves to be used to instigate crisis, he said his administration has continued to give every section of the country a sense of belonging through the spread of projects infrastructural development and federal appointments. He said: “So far, all the policies initiatives, projects and even appointments by this administration has been guided by equity and inclusiveness. There is actually no part of the country that has not been impacted positively in the areas of infrastructure, agriculture and economic support initiatives, based on peculiarities of the regions. “As you are all aware, we are currently dealing with some internal security challenges and I will like to reassure you that as the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, no effort will be spared in tackling them. ‘As I have repeatedly said in recent weeks, every criminal element that has taken up arms against the peace of the country and its citizens will be brought to book accordingly.” He urged the youth never to despair or lose hope in the country. “Never despair, nor relent in our joint task of nation-building. Remember, we have no other country but Nigeria. It is the responsibility of every one of us to work towards the development and advancement of this country.” Yobe state governor and Chairman APC Caretaker Committee/ Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni said the party has always believed in the youth and cultivate them to contribute their quota in nation-building. “So, we cannot afford to discard the youth in the affairs of the party. We must invest in the youth for a better future for the party and country. Therefore, this conference and theme are both strategic and timely for a prosperous future for the party and our beloved country. “I am pleased to say that collectively, we have rescued a troubled party that was heading towards imminent collapse and disintegration, to a very strong, solid, reliable and ever-growing political party.” In an apparent reference to agitation for restructuring, Governor Buni cautioned the youth not to associate with those he called “retrogressive elements.” “As the most energetic segment of the population, retrogressive elements with evil interests in causing confusion, creating and fanning hate and disunity will always rely on you to achieve such negative and unpatriotic tendencies and to destroy your future. You must resist them. You should never allow yourselves to be used as tools in the hands of these treacherous elements.” APC National Youth Leader, Barrister Ismaeel Ahmed, in his welcome address said the conference was organised based on the need to galvanise the progressive movement in the country. Ahmed who recalled that the Youths in the country have consistently backed President Buhari presidential ambition disclosed that the latter scored over 10 million votes in the three general elections he participated in since 1999. He further pleaded with the youths not to abandon the APC in the 2023 general election. “We are going to deliver this party in the future, especially in 2023, 2027 and beyond.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  No section of Nigeria is excluded in my administration, Buhari insists  ;  No section of Nigeria is excluded in my administration, Buhari insists  ;  No section of Nigeria is excluded in my administration, Buhari insists  ;  No section of Nigeria is excluded in my administration, Buhari insists.