The Group Head of Commercial Services, Notore Chemical Industries Plc., Mr Tijjani St. James, has been appointed an International Peace Advocate by the United Nations Positive Livelihood Award Centre (UN-POLAC). In a letter of appointment conveyed to Mr Tijjani recently signed by the Director-General, UN-POLAC Foundation, Professor Halo Eton, stated that POLAC mandate is to enhance the effectiveness of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and UNESCO culture of peace project. UN-POLAC also focuses on the maintenance of peace and security and the restoration of human dignity. With the appointment, the agro-allied big player will actively be involved in “peace-making, conflict resolution and other activities that encourage peace and positive living” anywhere in the world. Tijjani, who hails from the Boko Haram ravaged Madagali LGA of Adamawa State, has worked to support the people of Madagali get help from across Nigeria by mobilising friends to rebuild schools that have been destroyed by insurgents. He also provided books and instruction materials for pupils, construction of community water systems, and distribution of food and award of scholarships to outstanding pupils. Tijjani is a member of the Executive Leadership of Notore. He is responsible for, among others, charting the commercial strategy and competitive success of the company in the market. Among his team is a 3000-strong rural farming communities-based agricultural education promoters through whom Notore disseminates modern farming techniques and developmental information to farmers in the rural areas. Tijjani has worked in various commercial roles in Diageo, GlaxoSmithKline, British American Tobacco, PZ Cussons among others, supporting the development of markets across the Niger Republic, Liberia, Ghana, Sierra Leone among others. The award letter reads: “In line with the UN General Assembly’s declaration, POLAC collaborates with UNESCO to commemorate the “International Day of Peace” (World Peace Day) 2021. “This day, therefore, provides individuals globally a shared date to celebrate the power of global solidarity for building a peaceful and sustainable world. “As part of the event for the celebration, there will be an appointment/presentation of certificates and awards as International Peace Advocates to individuals and volunteers of proven integrity who exhibit the ideals of living for the sake of others and commit themselves to promote universal moral values, strong family life, social harmony, inter-religious and ethnic co-operation and the culture of peace. “In addition to acknowledging these special qualities, the appointment encourages these individuals to be role models in community services and peace-making. ”In view of the foregoing, the trustees of POLAC recognise that you exemplify these qualities and wish to convey to you their decision to appoint you an International Peace Advocate/Volunteer. “This appointment comes with the following benefit: UN-POLAC Certificate of Appointment; UN-POLAC International Identity Card; Investiture Apparel; UN-POLAC Flag of Authority to be hoisted at any place of your choice and UN-POLAC Special Vehicle Plate Number in collaboration with the FRSC. (Available on request). “As an International Peace Advocate, you can be called upon for peacemaking, conflict resolution and other activities that encourage peace and positive living in line with the best international practices. “We wish to convey our sincere congratulations on your well-deserved honour.” The United Nations Positive Livelihood Award Centre (UN-POLAC) is an international autonomous institution, established in the year 2001 with the UN and UNESCO following General Assembly Resolution declaring 2001-2010 as a decade of peace and non-violence. The investiture holds on September 21 at Lagos Airport Hotel, Ikeja, Lagos. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Agriculturist, Tijjani appointed Int’l Peace Advocate for UN We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Agriculturist, Tijjani appointed Int’l Peace Advocate for UN