In today’s world, everyone is so busy with their work that they can’t manage time to take care of their hair. The hair gets damaged due to pollution, regularly apply of heat on hair while straightening or curling, also while colouring one’s hair, there are different chemicals which are also another reason for hair damage. Francine Gillian Garcia during this pandemic lockdown has launched her new product Ju Poppin. Even in the lockdown, the brand has got a lot of positive reviews and everyone is happy with her products. The aim of Ju Poppin is to bring back healthy hair and their motto is to look good and feel good.  No one likes frizzy, dry and unhealthy hair.  The brand focuses on bringing back healthy hair with its products to both men and women. They have a huge range of products which include hair oil, healing scalp mist, soothing oil, foaming lotion, shampoo, conditioner, and grooming oil.  The quality of the raw materials is checked in Canada which gets blended in the U.S to make the best hair care products. Gillian Gracia with her education has skills and understanding of hair care and she is a hairstylist, educator, philanthropist, and serial entrepreneur. With her innovative ideas, she has given the community the best products. Ju Poppin’s top-selling products are listed below: The Hair Growth oil is made from English lavender, ylang-ylang, and black cumin seed. It is also known as liquid gold and for good reason. The benefits of this oil are that it helps to regrow hair and hairlines and thickens thinning hair by reducing the chance of hair fall and it maintains the health of the hair. The next top-selling Vit E Oil product which moisturizes hair helps to detangle it and adds shine to hair. For Vitamin E oil, the ingredients include sunflower oil, omega 9 fatty acids, and Vitamin E. The combination of ingredients minimises the possibility of hair breakage and split ends. The main ingredients in the oil are Avocados and coconuts. If you have frizzy hair, you should definitely go for this product. Another top-selling product is The Scalp Healing Mist spray from Ju Poppin relieves the irritation in the scalp. The product is also therapeutic for scalp issues like eczema and psoriasis. They have a YouTube channel with 100k+ subscribers where videos are uploaded regularly. The videos provide a lot of useful details to the customers.  Francine Gillian Garcia loves doing hair and making her customers happy with her work and products. Ju Poppin wishes to make more people smile and look beautiful as well as confident because they know hair is like a crown that one wears with them every time and the crown should get good care. Ju Poppin is the place “where healthy hair is always trending”. You can click on the link below to know more about Ju Poppin and its owner Francine Gillian Garcia:  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.