A 29-year-old lady, simply identified as Blessing, has been found dead with her nipples and the private part removed in her room at Mosogar, Ethiope West Local Government Area of Delta State. She was said to have been missing since the night of Saturday, May 29. It was gathered that the deceased brought a man home on that Saturday night. “She came with a man on Saturday night, and I saw the man leaving that night, but since then, we have not seen her,” a source narrated. The source added that curiosity over Blessing’s whereabouts, on Tuesday, led neighbours to invite the police to break her door only to find her lifeless body with private parts removed. It was further gathered before the police were invited over the missing lady, the neighbours had perceived some offensive odour oozing out of Blessing’s room. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, confirmed the incident, urging journalists and neighbours of the deceased to assist the police in unravelling the suspected fleeing killer-lover. “I can only confirm that she was found dead in her house with the door locked from outside and her private part and nipples were cut off, that’s all I know for now,” Edafe noted when Tribune Online contacted him, on Wednesday morning. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Lady found dead with private parts removed in Delta Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Lady found dead with private parts removed in Delta BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.