Five persons have been reportedly killed while 10 other persons were abducted by gunmen suspected to be armed bandits at Madaka village in Rafi local government area of Niger State. The incident occurred on Monday when bandits invaded the area and left two other persons severely injured. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the suspected armed bandits had initially killed two persons at Madaka village and abducted 10 others but later released seven of them and killed three persons after trial. It was further learnt that among the five persons killed were Adamu Wakaso Usman Isiya and Murtala Birnin Gwari, an indigene Kaduna State who sells local medicine in the area. Further checks revealed that the two injured persons are now receiving medical attention at both Minna General Hospital and Bida Medical Centre in Bida local government area of the state. Meanwhile, concerted efforts to speak with the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Wasiu Abiodun, was not successful as of the time of filing this report. Several calls made to his telephone line did not connect. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!