The Executive Director of African Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF), Dr Denis Kyetere has said that the newly developed Pod Borer Resistant (PBR) Cowpea variety will save Nigeria from importing 500,000 tons to satisfy local demand. Kyetere addressing journalists during a Webinar session, on Monday, said the Cowpea variety which is genetically modified, would increase yield for Nigerian farmers. “What this means is increased yield for Nigerian farmers that will contribute to addressing the national cowpea demand deficit of about 500,000 tonnes to improve the national productivity average of 350kg/hectare. Most importantly, better healthy lives for farmers because of reduced use of pesticides”, he said. He said African farmers had continued to face several farming challenges ranging from the impact of climate change, pest and disease infestation, poor soil fertility, among others, that have greatly reduced agricultural productivity at farm levels. He noted that since its inception, AATF and its partners have been working to reverse this scenario for a prosperous and food secure Africa. “We have shown how progress is possible when companies, governments, NGOs, researchers, and farmers work together to unleash technology that targets specific production challenges. “In recent years, we have seen technological advancement towards enhancing the productivity of key staple crops including maize, rice, cowpeas, and cassava, What has clearly emerged is that with technology use, there is a significant difference in the crop performance and farmer gains,” Kyetere noted. He said a transgenic cowpea variety known as SAMPEA 20-T (PBR Cowpea) that is resistant to the pod borer pest Marucca was released in Nigeria in December 2019 for commercial cultivation. Dr Kyetere further states that the variety can produce a higher yield than the conventional varieties, with reduced use of pesticides by farmers from eight times per cropping season to only two. Speaking on other activities of AATF, Dr Kyetere said on maize, to manage Striga weed in maize farms, farmers can use herbicide-coated seeds that kill the devastating Striga weed. These maize seed varieties known as StrigAway according to him, have been shown to boost yields by up to 300 per cent and increase incomes by $400 per season “To help farmers address the challenge of climate change especially on drought, AATF and its partners under the Water Efficient Maize for Africa (WEMA) Project, developed climate-smart maize hybrids popularly known as DroughtTEGO that are water efficient and tolerant to moderate drought. “The TEGO varieties posted exciting performance with yields of 8 to 12 tonnes per hectare compared to the average of 1.4 tonnes per hectare in Sub-Saharan Africa. “If all goes according to plan, smallholder farmers in Kenya, Nigeria, Ethiopia and Mozambique could soon start planting Bt maize hybrids that are tolerant to moderate drought and guard against losses to insects such as stem borers and fall armyworm, thus safeguarding farmer yields and product quality.” He said the maize is awaiting approval of respective regulatory authorities following successful pilot tests driven by national agricultural research systems. “In Kenya for example, stemborers and fall armyworm reduce maize production by an average of 25 per cent or 15 million bags (90 kg), equivalent to the normal yearly amount of maize imported by Kenya. The damage is valued at more than Kshs.37 billion (approximately $343 million). This is the amount Bt maize could help Kenya save,” he added. The AATF boss said the deployment of this technology also means farmers will be able to harvest enough to feed their families and have a surplus which they can sell to increase their incomes Speaking on mechanisation, Dr Kyetere said AATF is working with governments in Nigeria, Zambia, Uganda and Tanzania on Cassava Mechanisation and Agro-processing to improve mechanization services to farmers and increase the production of cassava. He said since its launch in 2013, there is increased efficiency and timeliness of operations by farmers in the countries. “The key results indicate a 200% increase in yields and 100% increase in incomes,” he said Furthermore, he said AATF and partners were developing hybrid rice varieties that have significant yield advantage and that will create a sustainable hybrid rice system and agro-business to support rice farming in East, West and Southern Africa. Dr Kyetere said some of the hybrid rice varieties yielding over 10 tonnes per hectare have been released for commercialisation in Kenya as work continues in other countries. He said AATF has been able to reach over 12.8 million farmers between 2018 and now – our goal being 16 Million farmers by end of 2022. He expressed optimism that farmers in Africa can accomplish great things and continue on the path of progress if they have access to the right mix of farming innovations—and a partner capable of making that happen. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights.PBR beans to address Nigeria’s 500,000 tons deficit ― AATF.PBR beans to address Nigeria’s 500,000 tons deficit ― AATF PBR beans to address Nigeria’s 500,000 tons deficit ― AATF Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.