Nigerian singer and activist, Charles Oputa, popularly known as Charly Boy has said that Nigerian Youths can no longer be referred to as future leaders. Charly boy stated that the youths have not been treated with fairness; hence, agitation for secession on the increase in the country. Oputa made this known at the launch of ‘Project YIGBA’, themed ‘First Non-violent Line of Defence’, convened by Ladi Thompson, a pastor and security consultant, who is focused on promoting peace-building efforts in the country in Lagos. He said injustice is pervasive and, as such, cuts across every ethnic group and region in Nigeria. Charly Boy, therefore, advised that the menace of injustice in the country should be strategically curtailed. “The group of people who have been most affected by injustice are young people, the youths, more than the Igbos, more than the Yorubas, more than the middle belt because this is not the country where you say the youths are the future leaders,” he said. “Injustice is injustice everywhere and that’s what connects the Yoruba nation and the middle belt. “The things that unite us are more than the things that divide us. So, it is just the selected few who are causing these problems, and enough is enough.” The activist added that citizens of the country must embrace “reasonable and logical roundtable talk” and a sense of unity to proffer solutions to the challenges. “You can’t have a house that you want to put floors upon floors with a faulty foundation. It can’t happen. That house can’t stand. So, this is what is needed and I believe this will go a long way,” he said. “We will start by coming to a roundtable to talk, for people who want to talk, reason and be logical. Then, it is by us uniting — the east, the west, the middle belt — because it was systematic when they put us against each other. “There is grave injustice in Nigeria, whether it is Biafra, Oduduwa nation. The injustice needs to be addressed.” He said. Speaking also, The Convener, Ladi Thompson stated that the divisions in Nigeria are not by error but were designed and the solution is available. Thompson said that what Nigeria is fighting today is called divide and rule, while the solution is called reunite and bond. He, therefore, explained that YIGBA is a platform created for all southern cultural nations with an emphasis on common cultural traits. “No nation can do better than its architecture of thoughts. We went into the archive and found out that the divisions in Nigeria are not by error but were designed and the solution is available. “So, the way Nigeria is fighting today is called divide and rule, while the solution is called reunite and bond. “So, YIGBA is a platform created for all southern cultural nations such that the common cultural traits are emphasized,” Thompson stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Secession: Nigerian Youths can no longer be referred to as future leaders We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Secession: Nigerian Youths can no longer be referred to as future leaders SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!