A former international president of the Zonta International Club, Mrs Folake Solanke, on Sunday charged the Federal Government to adopt all necessary measures to stop the abduction of school children in Nigeria. She emphasised that government at all levels should strive to create a safer learning environment for students from primary to university level, saying no action must be spared to encourage students from acquiring knowledge. Solanke, who is the first female Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) gave the charge while speaking on the sideline of the installation ceremony of 2020-2022 biennium president of Zonta International Club, Ibadan, Olajumoke Akere. According to her, “I am so distressed by the kidnappings that going on now in Nigeria, most especially in our schools. It is great tragedy that children don’t feel safe in schools anymore. We must continue to talk about it. The government must find a way to end kidnapping.” “If you are kidnapped, you can’t go to school. We must not keep silent or quiet about it. It is an ongoing battle to get government to look after the children. Nigerian society must be safe. Schools’ environments must be safe for our children to learn. Effective security must be provided by relevant security agencies to ensure that students learn in a conducive and safe environment, ” Solanke remarked. Delivering her acceptance speech, the newly installed president of Zonta International Club, Ibadan, Mrs Olajumoke Akere recalled that the club was founded in Buffalo, New York, USA, on November 8, 1919, as an organisation of executive women and professionals, driven by the desire to serve society with their talents and means. She stated: “The mission of Zonta Club, Ibadan during my biennium is to continue the ongoing laudable projects. In addition, we plan to encourage more girls in STEM education and keep more of them in schools. This particularly is by no means a small business. We would need about N50 million to prosecute the project. This is where we need your generosity and support.”  Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.