Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has said the death of foremost televangelist and founder of The Synagogue, Church of All Nations (SCOAN), Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua, came as a rude shock and pains which are not mere emotional flashes but  piercing. Akeredolu stated this while reacting to the sudden death of Joshua in a statement issued and signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Richard Olatunde, describing the late T. B. Joshua as a blessing to humanity and a great Ambassador of the state whose Ministry was noted for charity. Akeredolu said  “Undoubtedly, Pastor Joshua’s demise came as a rude shock. The pains are not mere emotional flashes; they are indeed piercing.The Ondo-born Pastor and Televangelist was a philanthropist whose exit will be sorely missed by many. “Pastor Joshua was committed to giving and was more often, inexorably imbued with calmness while lifting the downtrodden. As a televangelist, he did not just win souls for Christ, he was passionate about changing lives. “He demonstrated timelessly, an alluring service to humanity and compassion by assisting not only his home local government, Akoko North West. Other adjoining local governments in Akoko land benefitted from his large heart of benevolence. ALSO READ: Jargokush says collaboration with Grammy winner Burna Boy is in the works “Of significant note too, Pastor Joshua never hesitated to assist in whatever manner the Ondo State Government desired such.To us in Ondo State, we consider this a personal loss. He was a pride to the Sunshine State “Not only Africa is hit hard; this is a great global knock as his Pastor TB Joshua’s ministry attracted an immeasurable foreign followership. Christendom has lost a giant. “The reality of the finality of death, truly hurts the heart. But for TB Joshua, he had played his own part of the endless life orchestra; he has departed. “We must take solace in his good deeds he while here. He is now a Heaven’s gain. The people have lost a committed giver. We shall continue to remember his contributions to the development of our State.” While commiserating with the immediate family, the entire membership of the Synagogue Church of All Nations,  Akeredolu expressed his heart-felt condolences to the Zaki of Arigidi Akoko, Oba Yisa Olanipekun and the entire community over the loss of a great son of the soil. The Governor however, prayed to God to grant the late man of God an eternal rest in His bosom and comfort grieving family members, friends and associates. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.