A 45-year-old bricklayer, Avonse Abraham has been stabbed to death in the Alli Isiba area of Sango-Ota in Ogun State over his inability to pay N20,000 debt. The deceased, a father of three was stabbed with a bottle by one of his neighbours’ sons, Micheal Sunday, following his inability to pay the N20,000 balance out of the N50,000 he owed. The police at Sango Divisional Police Station arrested and detained the murder suspect and his mother at the police station. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that the deceased Abraham was returning from work on Saturday night when his killer stopped him at Faith Chapel junction along Alli Isiba street and killed him. Residents of the area said that the suspect had last week hit the deceased with a plank on his head over an argument on the debt that the late bricklayer owes the alleged killer’s mother. A resident who simply identified himself as Wale told the Nigerian Tribune that “the deceased, Baba Akwoyon was returning home from somewhere on Saturday night when the incident happened. “Before then, the deceased was owing the mother of his killer N50,000 and he had paid N30,000 out of it when Micheal hit him with a plank last week.” The resident also continued that “Micheal was sitting with another resident, Asa when he sighted Baba Akwoyon on Saturday night and he quickly accosted him. “He was holding a bottle and insisted that the man must pay the balance that same night but the man said that he had no such money and that he would pay up on Tuesday.” Wale also stated that “Micheal broke the bottle and first stabbed the man in the hand. The man attempted to run away and he stabbed him again in the upper part of his body. “He also scared people who attempted to rescue the man, saying that he would want to see who was ready to die for the deceased man.” Another resident, Kehinde said, “we took the deceased man to four different hospitals: Libra, Great, Ariset and Rubee hospitals and they all rejected him before we took him to the state hospital, Onipanu, where he later died.” Kehinde also said that “just two weeks ago, this same Micheal threatened to attack one of the landlords in the area over an argument between them.” He also added that “the deceased man was owing his mother N50,000 for a building foundation and he paid N30,000 last week after Micheal threatened him.” A police source at Sango Divisional Police Station confirmed the incident and added that Micheal and his mother were still being detained at the station as at Sunday afternoon. The police source said that Micheal and his mother were arrested late on Saturday night after residents of the area reported the incident at the station. Efforts to speak with the image-maker in charge of the state police command, Abimbola Oyeyemi, as at the time of filing this report failed as calls to his mobile phone lines were not answered. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.