No fewer than about 15 gunmen suspected to be armed bandits were allegedly killed in a gun duel between the Military and the bandits in Unguwan Mallam, in the Kontagora Local Government Area of Niger State at the weekend. One military personnel was also said to have paid the supreme price in the gun battle with the hoodlums on the side of the Nigerian Army. The incident Tribune Online learnt happened, on Saturday, at about 4:00 pm when, the military personnel on patrol of the area were said to have sighted the bandits in Anguwan Mallam some few kilometres away from Kontagora township of the state. Further checks revealed that upon sighting the bandits, on their operational motorbike, an eyewitness account said the military personnel engaged the bandits in a fierce gun battle that resulted in the death of many bandits and a military officer. An insider source at Unguwan Mallam who craved anonymity informed Tribune Online in an interview by telephone that the bandits numbering about 70 persons were in the area, but the presence of the military personnel saved the community from being attacked, on Saturday evening, by the hoodlums. “The presence of the military was what saved our community from being attacked by the bandits. They came in their numbers on Motorcycles and the people became scared because we didn’t have what it takes to face them.” “But many were killed, we discovered dead bodies even today in the morning in the bush. We found their sleeping kits and some other valuable materials belonging to them,” the source added. It was further learnt that when it appeared that the military men had overpowered the bandits, the remaining members of the gang ( bandits) escaped through the bush paths and ran away. Concerted efforts by this reporter to speak with the State Police Command’s authorities proved abortive as several calls put through to the Public Relations Officer, PPRO, DSP Wasiu Abiodun was not answered by him as of the time of filing this report, on Sunday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… 15 armed bandits, one Military personnel killed in fierce gun duel in Niger SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!