OIL and gas investment company, NDEP Plc, has proposed the payment of N7 as a final dividend to its shareholders for the 2020 financial year. This was disclosed by the company in a notice on Thursday to the NASD Over-the-Counter (OTC) Securities Exchange, where it trades its securities. The payment will be subject to the approval of shareholders at the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the company scheduled for Tuesday, June 29. According to the oil and gas investment company, its AGM will hold at 15, Babatunde Jose Road, Victoria Island, Lagos at 12:00 noon. If the dividend payment is approved at the meeting, shareholders of the company will be credited on the payment date which also coincides with the AGM. However, the qualification date for the dividend was Wednesday, June 9. This means only those who held the company’s shares as of this date will be eligible to receive the stipulated dividend payment. The notice noted that the closure of the company’s register was from yesterday, June 10. NDEP Plc is Nigeria’s first integrated oil and gas investment company. It was incorporated on March 25, 1992 (as the Midas Drilling Fund) and assumed its current name in November 1996. Although not listed on the Nigerian Exchange (NGX) Limited, it is one NASD OTC Exchange with shareholders’ number in excess of 700 from the different geopolitical zone of the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!