A gang of electric cable vandals in Ilorin, Kwara State early Thursday morning attempted to steal a transformer, stationed few metres away from Kwara state Government House on Ahmadu Bello Way, Ilorin. The vandals, who were reportedly operating on an IBEDC transformer close to late Justice Mustapha Akanbi’s library at about 03:00 am, fled sighting police and abandoned the transformer. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Okasanmi Ajayi, who confirmed the development, said that the items were recovered and subsequently handed over to the business manager, IBEDC, Challenge area, Ilorin, Mr Olumide on behalf of the company. He also said that efforts were going on to arrest the fleeing vandals and advised members of the public to be conscious of their environment at all times, report strange movements/actions to the police. The state Police command also warned criminals moving around Ilorin metropolis and its environs vandalizing public utilities to desist, saying that anybody arrested would be severely dealt with in accordance with the law. “The Kwara State Police Command for the umpteenth time wishes to warn criminals moving around Ilorin Metro and its environs vandalizing public utilities that the command is all out to put a stop to the act, anybody arrested will be severely dealt with in accordance with the law. “Today 9/6/2021 at about 0300hrs, intelligence available to the Command revealed that some vandals were operating on an IBEDC transformer close to Mustapha Akanbi’s library, the Commissioner of Police Kwara State, CP Mohammed Lawal Bagega psc immediately dispatched a team of operatives to the scene, on sighting the police, the vandals abandoned the vandalized transformer and took to their heels. “The items were recovered and subsequently handed over to the Business Manager, IBEDC, Challenge area, Ilorin, Mr Olumide on behalf of the company. “Effort is ongoing to arrest the vandals. “The CP wishes to advise members of the public to be conscious of their environment at all times, report strange movements/ actions to the police, please.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Police recover vandalized transformer  Police recover vandalized transformer Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Police recover vandalized transformer  Police recover vandalized transformer SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.