Mother of a 37-year-old Ramon Azeez, killed in a fracas which ensued between shop owners and members of Park Management System (PMS), at Iwo-Road area of Ibadan on Wednesday, Alhaja Salimot Azeez, has said the only thing the Oyo State Government could do for the soul of her late son is to bring the perpetrators of the act to face the full wrath of the law. She noted that the family has video evidence where the leader of PMS in the state asked his members to attack traders at the shopping complex. Alhaja Azeez while speaking with journalists at their Ibadan residence on Friday said all her children are devout Muslims, contrary to claims in some quarters that late Ramon was a cultist. She stated that: “The transport union people had been using the frontage of the shopping complex for years. As a matter of fact, they used to defecate and smoke Indian hemp in my shopping complex when I first bought it. They used the place for transportation activities for not less than seven years. “It was former Commissioner of police in Oyo State, Baba Adisa Bolanta who intervened and resolved the matter and that we should allow them to use a part of the entrance and I allowed them. Even the Divisional Police Officer at that time took photographs of the way the commercial drivers were disturbing us to the Commissioner of police and he resolved it for us. “Despite the fact that I gave them space to operate, they were not satisfied. My son who was killed graduated from Lead City University. My firstborn they attempted to kill graduated from a university in London. He said he could not do the kind of job people are doing in London and that was why he came back home to engage in personal business. “My son, Ramon, who was killed has a shop within the complex where he was selling phones. He was never a cultist. He was a phone dealer. I don’t know what I did for Auxiliary that made him kill my son. I don’t know what I did for him. He knows me and I usually give him whatever he asked for. This is a great loss. “A 37-year-old boy was killed just like that. Government should help me to get those who killed my son. I want justice. I want to know why they killed my son when he didn’t fight or drag anything with them.” She concluded. The elder brother of the deceased who is also the manager of the said shopping complex, Hammed Azeez while speaking on the incident said he was the main target of the members of PMS who attacked his brother. He said: “I was actually the target. Had it been they were able to lay their hands on me that day, I wouldn’t have been here today. I still don’t know why the man is still walking freely. “By now, he ought to have been detained for questioning. That man is a dangerous beast. I don’t know why Oyo State government decided to make an ex-convict, a known murderer and a leader of a group tormenting and killing people. What kind of system are we running in this country?, honestly I don’t understand.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Mother of man killed  Mother of man killed Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Mother of man killed  Mother of man killed SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!