President Muhammadu Buhari Friday received Senator Peter Nwaoboshi, who has joined the All Progressive Congress (APC) from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Nwaoboshi, who represents Delta state, has recently been suspended by the state chapter of the PDP for alleged anti-party activities. He was at the presidential villa, Abuja with the APC Caretaker Chairman Mai Mala Buni.  The president also received the party’s report from Buni at the meeting attended by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Deputy Senate President, Senator Omo Agege, governors and members of the caretaker committee. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers… We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…  Buhari receives decampee Nwaoboshi, APC committee report  ;  Buhari receives decampee Nwaoboshi, APC committee report  ;  Buhari receives decampee Nwaoboshi, APC committee report  ;  Buhari receives decampee Nwaoboshi, APC committee report. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today.