President Nana Addo Akufo-Addo of Ghana, on Tuesday, commissioned a Toyota vehicle assembly plant in the country, the Daily Graphic of Ghana reported. The assembly plant by the Toyota Tsusho Manufacturing Company Limited is located in the Freezones Enclave in Tema. The plant is to assembly Toyota Hilux pick-up and other sedans. President Akufo-Addo commissioning the plant said it will help make the acquisition of new vehicles by Ghanaians more affordable as well as enable public sector workers to be able to afford and purchase locally assembled vehicles. “Government will continue to create the enabling environment to boost the profitability of the emerging automobile sector in Ghana,” he said. He said the Ministry of Trade and Industry is working with other state institutions such as the Ghana Integrated Aluminum Development Corporation (GIADEC) and the Ghana Integrated Iron and Steel Developing Corporation to develop locally, the required raw material value chains to free the manufacturing sector of the automobile industry. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Toyota opens vehicles assembly plant in Ghana Toyota opens vehicles assembly plant in Ghana Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.