GUNMEN on Monday killed AIG Christopher Dega (retd), Senior Special Assistant on Security to Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State in Jos, the Plateau State capital. The Police Public Relations Officer of the Plateau State command, Ubah Ogaba, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Jos. Ogaba said the incident occurred at a restaurant in Jos South Local Government Area of the state. He further said that the incident occurred on Monday, May 31 at about 8:30 pm. “On a sad note, we received an ugly report of the death of retired AIG Christopher Dega. “He was shot dead by three yet-to-be identified gunmen in an isolated restaurant at Bukuru, Jos. “He arrived in Jos from Makurdi on the same date at about 7:30 p.m. “From the investigation so far, it appeared that he was trailed and later shot,” he said. Ogaba said that some suspects had been arrested in connection with the murder. He also said the command had commenced investigation into the incident. Meanwhile, the Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom, has described the death of the Dega as a huge blow to his administration and the entire Benue State. Reacting to the killing, Ortom lamented that Dega was very active, even in retirement, adding that “it is painful that he was gunned down in such a gruesome manner. “Retired AIG Dega served with me here and this was someone who had retired but was not tired and was very active. So for him to have been murdered in that manner, is very sad.” The governor stressed that insecurity had bedevilled all the regions of the country, just as he called on security agencies to find the killers of his aide. He sympathised with family, friends and former colleagues of the deceased and prayed God to grant him eternal rest. It was gathered that Dega, who was commissioner of police in Borno and Edo states, was shot in the chest several times and bled to death. In another development, the Minority Caucus in the House of Representatives on Wednesday condemned the murder of Dega. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Minority Leader of the House, Honourable Ndudi Elumelu. The statement said: “Our caucus is shocked by such wicked and devilish act and calls on the police and other security forces to immediately track down and bring the killers to the full wrath of the law. “The minority caucus is deeply grieved by the incessant killings across our nation under the administration of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and calls on the Federal Government to take more effective and proactive measures to stem the worsening tide of insecurity in the nation.” Also, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has expressed alarm over the gruesome murder Dega. In a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, the national publicity secretary on Wednesday, the party condemned the act in very strong terms, describing it as barbaric as well as ominous, given the recent attempts on the life of Governor Ortom by terrorists and bandits, marauding various parts of Benue State. The party also described the slain Dega as a very patriotic Nigerian and dutiful aide who gave his all in the service of the country and his home state, Benue. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.