No fewer than 26 generator sets were recovered by men of the Ondo State Police Command from three suspected thieves who specialized in stealing generators from various homes in the capital of Ondo State, Akure. The three men, Opeyemi Tosin, 26, ThankGod James, 22 years and Sodiq Segun, 23 years, were arrested after stealing a generator at  Adedibu Street, Okuta-Elerinla, Akure, leading to the recovery of 25 other generators. The prime suspect, Tosin, who confessed to the offence said he usually breaks into people’s homes to steal generators, while his accomplice find buyers for the stolen generators. The dry cleaner turned generator thief said the generators are usually sold to unsuspecting member of the public with fake receipts printed by him and backdated to the sales of the generators. While admitting to the crime, he said, “I usually monitor the homes of customers with big generators and I will devise means to steal the generators from their homes. “I usually give the stolen generators to my friends who are generator repairers and they will sell off the generator while we share the money.” He said they usually sell the small generators between N7,000 and N15,000, while the bigger one sold between N15,000 and N30,000. Speaking while parading the suspects, the state Commissioner of Police, Bolaji Salami, said that following “a report of stolen generators from one Akindele Olumide of Adedibu Street, Okuta-Elerinla, Akure. The Ondo State Police Command swung into action and recovered 25 other generating sets from one Opeyemi Tosin ‘m’ age 26 years of Okuta-Elerinla Estate, Akure.” He said “Police investigations revealed that Opeyemi Tosin is a serial burglar and has confessed to the offence. “He has also named two others as his accomplices. They are, ThankGod James, ‘m’ age 22 years and Sodiq Segun ‘m’ 23 years and the case is ready for prosecution.” Meanwhile, Salami disclosed that three suspected armed robbers who have been terrorising Akure and its environs have been apprehended by the men of the state police. He listed the suspects to include, Usman Yakubu ‘m’ age 37 years, Micheal Ali ‘m’ age 34 years, Monday Etim ‘m’ age 25 years, saying they have all confessed to take part in an armed robbery that occurred on May 6, 2021 at Ogbese, while investigation is ongoing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.