KANO State Fire Service has confirmed the death of a day-old baby found inside a well at Tsalle Village Gezawa local government area of the state. According to a statement signed by its Public Relations Officer, Saminu Yusuf Abdullahi, the service disclosed that the newborn baby was dumped inside the well by unknown persons who are at large. Abdullahi disclosed that the service, upon receiving a distress call from one of its officers, Abubakar Ibrahim Dandago, evacuated the body of the baby from the well. He also confirmed the death of a 16-year-old teenager, Muhammad Ghali, who accidentally fell into a pond at Red Bricks. In another development, a 35-year-old man, Babawo Sulaiman, also lost his life during a fire disaster at a welding workshop on Airport Road, Sabon-Gari, Kano. Abdullahi added that two other persons affected by the fire are receiving treatment at the Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!