Gombe State Commission of Inquiry into Human Rights Violation prompt by the violence protest tagged #ENDSARS has concluded its public sitting blaming Nigerians as contributors to the human rights violation by security agencies. Chairman of the Commission of Inquiry into Human Rights Violations by the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in the State, Justice Sa’ad Mohammed (rtd), while presenting the report of the Commission to the State Governor Inuwa Yahaya blamed some members of the public for some of the violations they incurred from some security agents. Contained in the report submitted on Tuesday, “it is clear that the security agencies operate within our environment, members of the public clearly contribute to the occurrence of these violations.” He also said that the Commission invited for petitions and received 18 petitions which were considered and a public hearing conducted. According to him, after deliberating on the petitions and public hearings, the Commission came up with 13 recommendations, particularly, regarding 10 members of the Nigeria Police. Other recommendations made were for compensation to be paid to victims and certain measures to be taken to prevent future violations of human rights by security agents. Justice Saad Mohammed (rtd) said that “we wish to point out that as at the time of the hearing, none of the petitioners was in detention.” While responding to the report presented, Governor Inuwa commended the Commission of Inquiry for doing a good and thorough job noting that there is a great need to have trust and confidence in one another. The Governor further said that despite the shortcomings of the Police, they still play a vital role in keeping and maintaining peace in the society. He then promised to go through the report and also submit it to the Federal Government for ratification and implementation of the recommendations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  Public contribute to violations of rights  ;  Public contribute to violations of rights ;  Public contribute to violations of rights ;  Public contribute to violations of rights. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.