The Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS DELTA) has handed over an arrested vessel, MT Miracle, to its owner, S&T Shipping Services Ltd. The handover of MT Miracle, with Reg. No. IMO 8936821, which was arrested in 2019 for alleged lack of proper documentation, held at the Warri Naval Base on Tuesday, in Warri, Delta State. The executive officer of NNS Delta, Commander Levi Deyin, during the handing over of the vessel, stated that on arrest in 2019, the case was transferred to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). “On behalf of the Nigerian Navy, I, Commander L. Deyin, handover MT Miracle to you, the shipping company of the S&T Shipping Services, this day 22nd June, being a vessel that was arrested for not having proper documentation. “And having handed over to the EFCC and you have proved your case that your documents are valid, the EFCC has also written to the base that the vessel should be handed over accordingly. “Following the directive from Navy Headquarters, I, therefore, on behalf of the Nigerian Navy, hand over the vessel to you,” Deyin stated. Officials of the EFCC were also present at the handing over of the ship. General Manager of S&T Shipping Services, Mr Ejiroghene Ariferavwa, who received the vessel on the company’s behalf, expressed gratitude to the Nigerian Navy, the EFCC and other stakeholders who ensured the release of the vessel. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Navy hands over arrested MT Miracle vessel to owner in Delta Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Navy hands over arrested MT Miracle vessel to owner in Delta