A Non-Political Movement, the All Referendum People Movement (ARPM), has disclosed that the National referendum remains the catalyst to nation-building. The Group noted that a national referendum is inevitable to solve Nigeria’s burning issues of secessions, agitations from some quarters, unemployment, and insecurity of lives and properties. The Convener of the Movement, Hon Mutiu Okunola, said such would guarantee true democratic governance and the 2023 election come to reality; since the country’s unity is non-negotiable. Mutiu made this disclosure during the world press conference held in commemoration of the country’s democracy day, held yesterday in Lagos. He said that the Nigerian people needed an immediate disconnection from the past systems by opting for a reformation agenda to restructure the country’s fourth republic rules and constitution, as a rescue mission to solve the present hardship and unnecessary misrule by colonial mentality. “National referendum is the catalyst to nation-building considering the present predicament in the country and without being insensitive to the plight of the people. “Such platform will help us solve burning issues of secessions, agitations from some quarters, unemployment, in-security of lives and properties. “This would also enable the country to have true democratic governance and the 2023 election comes to reality without any lacuna or rancour as the unity of Nigeria is non-negotiable, pivotal. “We believe that the Nigerian people need an immediate disconnection from the past systems by opting for our reformation agenda to restructure the country’s fourth republic rules and constitution as a rescue mission to solve the present hardship and unnecessary misrule by colonial mentality,” he stated. Meanwhile, the Convener had explained that the fourth republic failed due to the fact that the adopted constitution aimed to transform the military to civilian government was personal interest-driven. He further explained that the consequence of such constitutional inheritance by the government is clearly manifested in the country’s political and economic predicament. “The fourth republic was formed on failure due to the constitution that was adopted from Gen. Sanni Abacha in whose intention was to transform from military uniform to ‘Agbada’ in democracy, so the constitution for that transformation was hinged on the personal interest of his continuing in office by manipulation. “The constitution is neither a people’s oriented or designed to meet day to day diverse running of a complex society like Nigeria in terms of the ethnicity and religion background. “Nevertheless, the consequence of such constitutional inheritance by the government that does not have the genuine interest of the people is clearly manifested in our political and economic predicament of today,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!