The Convener, Holy Tabernacle Temple of 3am Prayers, Dr Edward Akinlade has attributed the country’s bad leadership and corruption to fake church leaders. He made this known during a briefing held recently in Lagos while reeling off the vision and mission of the Holy Tabernacle Temple of 3am Prayers that according to him God revealed to him. Dr Edward stated that God is poised to make Nigeria a better place and deliver it from fake prophesies in the country. “Bad leadership and corruption have continued to grow because some fake church leaders have been encouraging it. “God is not happy with men of God in Nigeria. This is because there is fuming bad leadership in Nigeria. If you have a bad leader and he has been giving you corruption money, what should you do as a true man of God? You should warn him not to come to your church again. This has to stop. “So, you now have a mega church. Do you think all the monies coming from the mega church are from the poor? “So, God is after fake men and bad leaders and to make Nigeria a better place for our people.” Akinlade said. While revealing how he came about God’s calling, The Convener said God had been speaking to him for a long time which started 3rd of June, 2020 through the 3am daily prayers. He said that God asked him to establish the Holy Tabernacle Temple of 3am Prayers exactly 3rd of June, 2021, noting that the new church is not for money collection even as it is different from the normal one “I have always known that God speaks to me for a long time. But, the calling started 3rd of June last year when God said I should start 3am daily prayers “And when it was exactly one year after exactly 3rd of June this year, God said here is HTT that is should set up. “This church is not about collecting money from people but giving money to members,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!