The Forum of Former Governors of the Peoples Democratic Party  (PDP) met in Abuja Friday, calling on their colleagues in other parties to join them in the effort to rescue Nigeria from the present insecurity. Rising from the meeting at Legacy House, the former state chief executives affirmed that the President Muhammadu Buhari administration has failed to secure the country due to what they referred to as his poor handling of the situation in the country. The Forum noted that insecurity in the country has deteriorated to the point where citizens in every part of the country are living in fear and trepidation. According to a statement by the Chairman of the forum and former Niger State Governor, Babangida Aliyu, signed by his director, media and communications, Bala Bitrus, concerned by the worsening security situation, the forum called on all former governors to shun political differences and unite in finding a solution to the problem. “The Forum notes with serious concern the continuous decadence in Nigeria’s polity and the scaling threats to the lives and property of citizens across the country,” the statement said. It, therefore? called on all former state governors “irrespective of their political leaning, affiliations and sympathy, to come together to the mainstream in the search for a workable solution to the myriad security challenges bedevilling the country.” The forum commended the PDP’s Reconciliation and Strategy Committee for “a job well done” and for the successes recorded so far in uniting the party members across the country. It enjoined members of the PDP to cultivate the virtue of forgiveness, love, peace, maturity and tolerance of one another. Among the PDP ex-governors in attendance in the meeting were Babangida Aliyu (Niger), Peter Obi (Anambra), Ibrahim Shema (Katsina), Liyel Imoke (Cross River), Rabiu Kwankwaso (Kano), Sule Lamido (Jigawa), Ahmed Makarfi (Kaduna), Idris Wada (Kogi), Ahmed Abdulfatah (Kwara), and Emeka Ihedioha (Imo). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Ex-PDP govs move  Ex-PDP govs move Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Ex-PDP govs move  Ex-PDP govs move SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!