The Acting Provost of Oyo State College of Education, Lanlate, Mr Olukayode Falade, has said that the institution is set to produce globally competitive Degree holders in affiliation with Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko, Ondo State. Falade who stated this during the formal signing of an affiliation agreement with AAUA said that the desire of the College is to produce competent and competitive graduates informed the decision to affiliate with a University that is rated among the best nine varsities in Nigeria. He said, “I want to thank the Management of Adekunle Ajasin University for granting our request for affiliation. We chose this University out of many because we were impressed with its rating and the giant strides it has made within a short time. “We all know this University for excellence; we are, therefore, assuring the University Management and our prospective students that the high academic standard that Ajasin Varsity is known for would be maintained so that our graduates can compete favourably with their counterparts across the globe.” According to him, Oyo State government has pledged its support to the College in order to make it the best among its peers in Nigeria and beyond. In his own remark, the Acting Vice-Chancellor of AAUA, Prof. Olugbenga Ige, urged the College to sustain the academic merit that the varsity is known for. He said that since Oyo State government owns the College, it is expected that the physical infrastructures would be maintained, the staff motivated, and the admission process would remain merit-driven. He warned that the affiliation would be reconsidered if the College fails to live up to the confidence reposed in it. Speaking earlier, the Acting Director of the University’s Institute of Education, Dr Ileoye Aina, informed the gathering that verification and other fact-finding teams were at various times sent to the College to ascertain its suitability for the affiliation and whether it has the necessary personnel needed to produce Degree holders. He said the positive reports from the different teams led to the recommendation of the Institute and the subsequent approval of the same by the University Senate at one of its meetings. The University Registrar, Gbenga Arajulu; Legal Officers, Barr. Peter Alede, and Barr. Olaoluwa Oluwajana attended the event, which was held at the Vice Chancellor’s boardroom. The College’s delegation led by Mr Falade also comprised the Acting Registrar, Mr Oyetayo Abioye; Director, Centre for Continuing Education and Part-Time Studies, Dr S. O. Okedigba; a Chief Lecturer, Dr A. D. Bamidele; Deputy Registrar, Mr Deji Adekola; and an Administrative Officer, Mr Kayode Ogunnuyin. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Oyo College of Education  Oyo College of Education Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Oyo College of Education  Oyo College of Education