DESPITE the impact of COVID-19 on the economy, Honeywell Flour Mills Plc recorded some of the best growth in its history in the last year. Its revenue grew by over 36 per cent, from N80.45 billion in 2019 to N109.59 billion in 2020. Its profit after tax also increased by 73.1 per cent. Lanre Jaiyeola, the Managing Director of Honeywell Flour Mills, Plc., has said that this remarkable growth is down to the sheer grit and doggedness of the company’s workforce. He also credited collaborative effort, improved production and cost optimisation, and guidance provided by a clear strategy and common purpose. Honeywell Flour Mills also managed to keep down its selling and distribution expenses. This resulted in a 39.1 per cent increase in the company’s operating profit. Given the peculiar circumstances that surrounded the pandemic, Honeywell Flour Mills had to increase production to match market demand. This led to the company achieving high single-digit sales volume growth. According to Jaiyeola, the consumer foods category was a significant contributor to the increased volume growth, up 26 per cent  the previous year. Pasta was a major driver in this category, growing 40 per cent from the previous year and heavily influenced by the increased production capacity from the company’s Sagamu factory. Although barely two years old, this factory contributed more than 17 per cent to total revenue. Its ball food category, Semolina and wheat meal, also contributed double-digit growth at over 20 per cent. By focusing on staple foods, Honeywell displayed its understanding of market dynamics and ability to rise to any occasion. The pandemic came with movement restrictions and led to consumer behaviour changes. During the lockdown, for example, people needed to invest more in foods with longer shelf life. Honeywell’s Pasta, Noodles, Wheat meal and Semolina perfectly meet this criterion. Its other products such as Bread Flour, also meet the requirements. This way, the company was already well-positioned to meet people’s needs and ramp up production to meet the demand. Honeywell Flour Mills also showed an understanding of how price sensitive the market is. However, the increase in the cost of raw materials, wheat, and packaging materials warranted a proportional increase in the price of some products. In addition to all these, the pandemic also impacted global trade and the world economy. Nevertheless, the rise in the price of wheat-based products was even less than the increase in the price of carbohydrates like yam, rice, cassava and other staple foods that Nigerians love. This means that flour milling companies like Honeywell did not entirely pass on the cost of production to consumers. Finally, Honeywell Flour Mills’ focus on the capacity, strength and welfare of its workforce impacted its record growth. The company increased staff strength by 1.6 per cent and took on an additional 12 per cent in employee costs. Again, this is typified by the growth of its Sagamu plant, which now directly employs about 450 people with 1,000 more indirectly engaged in and around the community. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.