For Augusstine Izu, a final year Political Science student of the University of Benin, UNIBEN, death came calling, moments after he dropped the pen for his final B. Sc. degree examination as suspected cultists shot him in his room at Ugbowo axis of Benin City. The incident, Nigerian Tribune gathered, occurred last Thursday at the No 5, I made Street, off Federal Road, Ugbowo, the off campus hostel of the deceased. Izu’s killers, described as “four fully masked-up assailants”, were said to have  trailed the victim from the campus to his hostel, where he was shot, point blank, in the presence of his friend, Emeka Walter, who was also hit by the assailants’ bullet in the arm. Izu was not the only victim of the recent orgy of cult-related killings and shooting in the university, as another student, identified as  Joshua Oginigbo, was also reportedly shot on the university campus on Tuesday. Though lucky to have survived, but in critical condition, Oginigho, a student in the Department of Computer Engineering, was said to have been shot on the head around the  June 12/Students Union Secretariat. He was said to have been rushed to the University of Benin Teaching Hospital, UBTH, where he is receiving treatment in the Intensive Intensive Care Unit, ICU, of the teaching hospital. Both incidents were confirmed by the Edo State Police Command. The spokesman of the command, SP Bello Kontongs, while confirming the incidents, assured that the Command would ensure that the assailants were be brought to justice.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.