SENATOR Teslim Kolawole Folarin is ‘many men’ to different people. He is like an elephant that was touched by some blind people, with each describing the portion he touched as the exact shape of the strong creature. Call the Chairman, Senate Committee on Local Content the strong man of Ibadan politics, political scientist of repute, conservative political juggernaut, baptised progressive; each title describes the man of the highest virtue; the man political opponents heard his name and shivered because of his intimidating credentials and pedigree. If a conservative politician be in progressive, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new. Having joined the progressive party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), and won Oyo Central Senatorial District on the platform of the party, the man Tessy is believed to have been politically baptised in the name of Chief Obafemi Awolowo, the name of Uncle Bola Ige and the name of the great Lam Adesina; his sin, if any, is therefore forgiven. The Ibadan-born senator recently took his four-day political consultation and peace ‘sermon’ to Oke Ogun area of Oyo State, where he called for peace and charged the party men to close ranks and mend the broken fences. “The mission of the Oyo APC is to reclaim Agodi Government House in 2023. Therefore, unnecessary and avoidable intra-party crises must be avoided in the spirit of oneness and progress. We must learn from our mistakes that led to the loss to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in 2019. God giveth and taketh power; all aspirants must see and treat ourselves as blood brothers. Maligning one another because of individual ambition will be counterproductive. I am on tour to preach peace and harmony in the progressive family,” Folarin said. Oloye Folarin, before holding meeting with party leaders in Oyo Federal Constituency comprising Afijio, Atiba, Oyo East and Oyo West local government areas, paid homages to the Alaafin of Oyo, His Imperial Majesty, Oba (Dr.) Lamidi Adeyemi III; former Minister of Labour, Prince Ajibola Afonja.In the same vein, the man, Folarin, who values culture and tradition, paid homages to the Okere of Saki, Oba Khalid Olabisil; the Iba of Kisi, Oba Moshood Lawal and the Onigbeti of Igbeti, Oba Emmanuel Oyekan Oyebisi. He subsequently held meetings with leaders of APC in Olorunsogo, Irepo, and Oorelope local government areas. Just like in Kishi, Igbeti, Oyo and Ogbomoso and Igboho, Folarin was well received in Okeho, Saki and Iseyin. Surulere/Ogo-Oluwa Federal Constituency was Folarin’s second point of call. He was hosted by a three-term member of the House of Representatives, Honourable Segun Odebunmi; party executives and leaders; former council chairmen; former state Assembly members; former political appointees at the local, state and federal levels. Thousands of politicians from other parties defected to APC at Oke Ogun. Joining Folarin to receive defectors were immediate past executive chairmen, former council chairmen, and all party executives from local to ward levels. Also in attendance were all immediate past councillors, all immediate past secretaries, all immediate past secretaries and all ward youth leaders. Part of those who were on the entourage of Folarin, who some politicians regarded as conservative, were core and renowned progressive politicians like Alhaji Mufutau Adisa; Alhaji Kamorudeen Ajisafe and Alhaji M.K.O Olaoye. Also in his train were Oloye Waidi Akinleye; Honourable Akin Alli; Alhaji Audu Marafa; Alhaji Waheed Akinleye; Chief Lowo Obisesan; a legal practitioner, Yinka Taiwo; Chief Adegboyega Adegoke; Alhaji Kayode Adanla; Honourable Akeem Olatunji; former Chief Whip in the Oyo Assembly, Honourable Murphy Adigun; Honourable Segun Ajanaku; Honourable D.A Lawal; Alhaji Yinka Folarin; Alhaji Remi Adeleke; Honourable Biliaminu Ogundele; Barrister Biodun Akaje; Honourable Kola Amoo; Honourable Akeem Ila; Mogaji Afolabi Adesina; Honourable Kabiru Alarape, among other notable party stakeholders. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.