FEW days after his inauguration as the new President and Chairman of Council, National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN), Mr. Idorenyen Enang has unveiled a new book, as part of activities marking his 55th birthday anniversary, in Lagos. Titled, ‘In The Grip of Grace’, the 165- page biography, seeks to capture the historical journey of the author, whose mission from infancy has been how to live an impactful life. According to the author, the book is meant to inspire and motivate; since it tells a story of an individual, who, despite the odds and challenges life throws at him, is still able to succeed. In his remarks at the event, Founder and Senior Pastor, Latter Rain Assembly, Pastor Tunde Bakare, described the author as highly responsible and trustworthy. “I wouldn’t know the exact day Idy stepped into the Latter Rain Assembly. But if you are looking for someone you can trust, someone you can delegate responsibilities to, without any supervision, that person is Idy,” he stated. A member of the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Council (FCCPC) Tribunal and the book reviewer, Mrs Sola Salako-Ajulo sees the author as selfless, other-focused, loyal and a thorough-bred marketing professional. She commended him for documenting some of his experiences in a book form for the younger professionals, and every individual, desirous of success, to learn from. In his goodwill message, the immediate past president of the National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN), Mr Tony Agenmonmen believes the author has proved his worth at every stage of his career trajectory. While congratulating the author on the new book, Agenmonmen added that the author, now the incumbent NIMN boss, has what it takes to steer the ship of the marketing body to safety. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Stakeholders in ICT react  Stakeholders in ICT react Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Stakeholders in ICT react  Stakeholders in ICT react SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.