The Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu, has commended the Kano State Government over the laudable and quantum number of viable innovative projects displayed at the 2021 Annual Science and Technology EXPO. According to a statement signed by the Public Relations Officer Kano State Ministry of Science Technology and Innovation, Alhaji Samira Baffa Hamza, a copy made available on Thursday to pressmen in Kano, Dr Onu made the commendation during the National Science, Technology and Innovation Exposition which was held from 15th to 19th March 2021 at Eagle Square in Abuja. He called on the state government to complement the efforts of those entrepreneurs and innovators/inventors to ensure such laudable Innovations are supported and utilized. In his recommendation, Dr. Onu told the Kano State Permanent Secretary, Kano State Ministry of Science Technology and Innovation, Dr Binta Bala, to extend his call to Governor Abdullahi Ganduje to instruct the producers of Pulley Pump machine, fuelless generator and seed planter to produce in thousands as showcased in the exposition because they are of the best products brought to this year’s EXPO for the benefit of the people of the state. In her remarks, the permanent secretary said the National Science Technology and Innovation Exposition is an annual event organized by Federal Ministry of Science and Technology, whereby Science and Technology Researches/ innovators and Entrepreneurs in the field of Science and Technology showcased their products with a view to collaborate, synergise and to promote indigenous Science and Technology products in Nigeria. She added that the theme of this year’s exposition which is “Harmonizing Science and Technology for Socio-Economic Recovery Amidst COVID-19” is apt and expressed that the ministry will continue to make progress in a way to make the state to be technology and innovation-driven. Dr. Binta also disclosed that the state was evenly represented by a strong delegation from the state ministry, Kano State Polytechnic, Saadatu Rimi College of Education, Yusuf Maitama Sule University under Ministry for Higher Education, talents from secondary schools including SSS D/ Kudu, Governor’s College Kano, Day Science, Ahmadiyya Secondary School, Intercontinental College and a host of independent entrepreneurs and Innovators. She further commended the researchers and innovators and the students from the state for their remarkable efforts and courage to showcase the reflection of their hard work in their products. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.