Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, on Sunday, described the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. as legendary, saying he is undoubtedly, a famous person who many stories can be told about him. Akeredolu who stated this in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, (CPS) Mr Richard Olatunde, said the Jagaban Borgu can best be described as a man of many parts. He said: “Tinubu’s foresight in hunting for talents and leaders, particularly, those around him, has projected him to the admiration of many in the country and beyond.” Akeredolu who noted the efforts and roles of the APC National leader in the enthronement of democracy in the nation said his dedication to the development of the country will remain indelible in the annals of Nigeria. “Tinubu touches are all-encompassing, long-lasting and inexorably memorable. He has been part of every development in the country. “He has travelled so wide in the political journey of Nigeria much so that his personal sacrifices and political experiences have been consciously deployed for the benefit of Nigeria. “Asiwaju still stands tall, desirous to offer more for the gains of the people of this country. “Undoubtedly, Jagaban remains a leader of leaders and a political colossus providing a ladder of choices for promising leaders to grow and enrich national growth. “His selfless service to the nation and his doggedness and exemplary leadership is worthy of celebrating at a time like this,” Akeredolu said. While congratulating the APC chieftain, Akeredolu said as a symbol of consistency and loyalty in party politics, Tinubu has remained committed to the tenets and ethos of progressive politics with unwavering commitment and dedication for decades. He said: “At 69, Asiwaju as he advances in age, requires our prayers for God’s endless Grace and Favour. We must thank God for his life and pray that the Almighty God will grant him sound health, longer life and more wisdom to serve his country and humanity.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Akeredolu celebrates Tinubu at 69, says he is legendary Akeredolu celebrates Tinubu at 69, says he is legendary SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!