Sokoto State government has purchased about 15,000 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination and Direct Entry forms for onward distribution to prospective students of higher institutions in the state. The Commissioner for Higher Education Prof. Bashir Garba, announced this at a stakeholders’ meeting on the distribution of the forms held at the conference room of the ministry. He said 15,000 UTME and DE forms were approved for purchase and distribution to eligible candidates of state origin. During the meeting successes and challenges encountered during the last year’s exercise were extensively discussed. The commissioner said the ministry will partner with the ministry for local government affairs and local government councils for the success of the exercise. He said the ministry would commence the distribution of the forms on April 8. Prof. Bashir Garba enjoined wealthy individuals to complement government effort in that regard. The commissioner was represented by the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Pharm. Almustapha Othman Ali thanked the state government for the early approval for the purchase of the forms. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.