There is rising tension in Igbomotoru Community in Southern Ijaw Local Government over the alleged attacks and setting ablaze of Agip pipelines by some armed men, over the battle to control and influence the surveillance contracts being handled by a security company known as Dalong Security. The attack on Agip Trunk pipeline route has led to the shutting down of other oil platforms along the Ogboinbiri axis and others in the area to avoid fire outbreak and heavy damage to the crude oil supply route in the area. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the armed men, suspected to be former militant leaders, led by one self-styled General Endurance, who is alleged to be involved in illegal bunkering operation and one of those involved in the supremacy battle against another former militant in Peremabiri community, is out to dominate and take over oil pipeline security surveillance jobs in the area. It was gathered that the members of the Egbematoru community have reached out to the Joint Military Task Force code-named Operation-Delta-Safe to report the activities of the armed gun and awaiting the deployment of security, “Yes, we have reported their activities to security agencies and we expect to nip their activities in the bud.” “Most members of the community are afraid to speak out. These boys engaged in sporadic shooting and they vandalized two Agip pipelines and set them ablaze close to the Beninkurukuru bush. The fire has led to the shutting down of some other facilities in the area.” Another community source argued that the people of Igbomotoru have dissociated themselves from the activities of self-styled Endurance and his boys. A senior JTF source, who confirmed the development on condition of anonymity, said the incident is being investigated by the sector 2 commands of the Joint Military Task Force in the state, revealing that they suspected those involved in the illegal bunkering activities in the area.” Contacted on the development, the spokesman for the Joint Military Task Force, Major Odukoya said he would get back on the details. But he is yet to get back to our correspondent before filing the report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… militants set ablaze Agip oil   |  militants set ablaze Agip oil   |  militants set ablaze Agip oil