My name is Omoyeni Isaac and I’m the founder of Oyeni Brands, a Nigerian owned urban and lifestyle fashion company that makes sneakers, boxers, slippers, socks and other clothing apparels. Oyeni Brands is also the footwear choice of polo team and enthusiasts in Nigeria and Africa. Fashion has always been my passion. Although, I worked with an organisation abroad for a couple of years in IT. I had to quit and move back to Nigeria to follow my passion which is fashion. I decided to start this company because i found it difficult to get the perfect sneakers for my feet anytime I go shopping especially those that are comfortable, lightweight and stylish. That inspired creating Oyeni Brands, which I think is the perfect solution to the problem i encountered and i believe so many other persons are encountering. I made our products top notch  quality, comfortable and also durable. Fielding question on challenges, Omoyeni said: “We face a lot of challenges everyday but one has been access to funding and also making Nigerians trust an indigenous brand but the reception is getting better anyways.” Omoyeni added that most of these challenges can be solved with government’s intervention, by giving entrepreneurs tax breaks, helping entrepreneurs gain access to low interest loans and grants. Reacting to business sustenance in the country, Omoyeni opined that it will be tough at the beginning and in the middle but there is a light at the end of the tunnel. “Keep giving your best and do not compromise quality like Oyeni Brand, one day it will surely pay off,” he asserted. Omoyeni amplified Oyeni sneakers as the official footwear of STL Polo and Red Crown Polo Team owned by Nasco Group, and hopes to have many more polo teams wearing their products, not leaving the full swerve into producing other sporting activities wears. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng