Niger State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) has announced the opening of its portal for qualified applicants to apply as teaching staff of the board. In a statement issued and made available to journalists by its Public Relations Officer, Idris Kolo, on Tuesday in Minna, the board directed the prospective applicants to use the link nigersubeb.ni.gov.ng/wp/register to submit their applications beginning from Tuesday, March 2, to Tuesday, March 30, 2021. The board noted that applicants must ensure they have valid email address for correspondence purposes. Applicants were, however, advised to register only once as multiple registrations will lead to disqualification. The statement also added that applicants were to register in their respective local governments of residence and must be certified and cleared by the chairmen of their local government of residence. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided