THE President Shippers Association of Lagos, Rev. Jonathan Nicole, has said that Nigeria loses over N800 billion monthly due to lack of 24-hour seaport operation. Nicole made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Monday. In May 2017, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo signed an executive order directing resumption of 24-hour operations at the Apapa Port and prohibiting touting in all seaports. However, the 24-hour operations have yet to commence in the seaports while agencies sacked from operating at the seaports have returned to participate in physical examination of cargoes. The Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority, Ms Hadiza Bala-Usman, recently accused some Federal Government agencies operating at the ports of lack of compliance with the directive and executive order. According to Nicole, the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) was generating almost N26 billion daily in the past from seaports. The figure has dropped because our imports have reduced. “The port is money-spinning. Payments are daily made to shipping companies, terminal operators, customs, transporters and Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDA’s) in the ports. “If one is bringing out 1,000 containers, add the customs duty, shipping and terminal charges, transportation and even under-the-table transactions, then you will understand the amount involved. “We need to put in place policies that are workable and cannot be thwarted,” he said. The association president alleged that some unpatriotic Nigerians thwarted laws and policies because they wanted to make money anyhow. Nicole decried alleged refusal of some government agencies to key into the 24- hour port operation directive, describing it as unfortunate. On the continued presence of some MDAs in the ports, though they had been told to withdraw, he said it was unfortunate that the MDAs failed to comply with governments’ directive. According to him, shippers are still present in the ports because they are the owners of cargoes and would be needed by customs in some situations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… 