Barely two weeks after 49 passengers on board a luxury bus on the fleet of Niger State Transport Authority (NSTA) were abducted and released, passengers have been kidnapped again by gunmen suspected to be armed bandits on Tuesday evening. The inciden happened along Tegina-Minna Road in the Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State. Nigerian Tribune reliably gathered that the bandits mounted a roadblock at Kundu town, a few kilometres from Zungeru town in Wushishi Local Government Area of the state when three commercial vehicles carrying nine passengers each including drivers fell into their hands. The passengers in the three vehicles were abducted and taken to an unknown destination while the vehicles were left by the road side. Similarly, armed bandits kidnapped an unknown number of villagers at Gidigori town in Rafi Local Government Area and set no fewer than five cars ablaze and carted away some valuables. Confirming the incident, a senior government official, who pleaded for anonymity, in a brief interview by telephone with our reporter on Tuesday evening in Minna said nothing has been heard from the bandits to enable the state government to ascertain the specific identities of those that were kidnapped. Also, one person was said to have been  killed while several others were kidnapped when some gunmen suspected to be armed bandits raided Manta town in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state on Monday evening. The bandits were also said to have ransacked the houses of villagers, stealing foodstuff and other valuable items. The bandits were said to have had shortage of food in the forest. The Police Public Relations Officer, ASP, Wasiu Abiodun did not pick his calls to confirm the incident as of the time of filing this report.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided