Two suspected cult members have been reported killed in a renewed supremacy clash between rival “Eiye” and “Aiye” confraternity groups in Ilorin on Tuesday. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that the victims of the cult clash were killed at Ipata and Amilengbe communities in the Ilorin metropolis. Sources said that about 10 members of a cult group stormed Gambari area of Ilorin late Monday night as they searched for a member of a rival cult group in the area. “When they got to the area, they could not meet their target at home and decided to be vandalising every property in sight, including that of neighbours of their target in Gambari. One of the deceased persons, who was mauled down in front of a popular tricycle assembling company at Amilengbe, was identified as Alabi Abubakar,” he said. Also speaking, an acquaintance of the cult clash victim, who craved anonymity, said the deceased had “a very robust relationship with known members of Aiye confraternity in the area. “They’re always strolling together that you hardly differentiate if he was one of them or not. “So it won’t be wrong to say he was killed by members of “Eiye” confraternity who had been having supremacy issues with “Aiye” confraternity for years in the state,” he said. The identity of second deceased, who was reportedly killed close to Ipata market, in Ilorin was yet to be known, as he was said to have been chased from adjoining streets before being mauled down by his assailants. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of state police command, Ajayi Okasanmi, who confirmed the incident, said that, “Efforts is on top gear, to get the perpetrators of the heinous crime arrested while calm has been fully restored. “The CP has also directed DPOs to ensure that aggressive patrol of the state is activated while law-abiding citizens are advised to go about their lawful businesses.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Two members feared killed | Two members feared killed | Two members feared killed Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng