Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana SAN, has said that the 4.2 million pounds loot recovered from former Delta State governor James Ibori, should be returned to the state government. Falana said this on Wednesday while speaking on a Channels TV programme. Falana commended the Federal Government for pursuing the recovery of the loot in collaboration with the London Metropolitan Police. He, however, stated that the fund should be returned to the source. Buttressing his point, he noted that the said fund was originally a statutory allocation to the Delta State government during the tenure of Ibori. He said that since the money left the coffers of the Delta State government, the money should be returned to the Delta State government. Falana said there was already precedence to the case on the ground, citing previous cases where looted funds by Governors Joshua Dariye and Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, were returned to the state governments of Plateau and Bayelsa, respectively. The senior advocate of Nigeria noted that under the law when proceeds of corrupt crime are recovered, the funds in question are returned to the victims. In this case, he said, the victims are the people of Delta State. Falana said the people of Delta State have the responsibility of ensuring that the money, if returned to the state, is not re-looted. He added that if the Federal Government does not return the loot to Delta State, the Federal Government should be challenged. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com