A 62-year-old trader, Olabosipo Bankole, on Monday appeared in an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court, Lagos State for allegedly beating up a policeman and tearing his uniform. The police charged Bankole, who resides at Alagbado Road, Iju- Ishaga, Lagos State, with conspiracy, breach of peace and assault. Bankole, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The prosecution counsel, ASP Ezekiel Ayorinde, told the court that the defendant and others, at large, committed the offence on February 22, 2021, at her residence. Ayorinde said that the defendant conducted herself in a manner likely to cause a breach of peace when she assaulted ASP Olaiya Babatunde, who was performing his lawful duty. He said that the complainant, went to the defendant’s residence to effect the arrest and she prevented him from arresting the suspect. The defendant, he said, punched the complainant, tore his uniform, forcefully removed his spectacles and threw it to the ground. The offence, Ayorinde said, contravened the provisions of sections 168, 174 and 411 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. Magistrate O.A. Layinka admitted the defendant yo bail in the sum of N100,000 with two sureties in like sum. Layinka ordered that the sureties should be gainfully employed and show evidence of two years tax payment to the Lagos State Government (LASG). She adjourned the case until May 18 for mention. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com