The Department of State Services (DSS) has released Salihu Tanko-Yakasai, a former special adviser to the governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje. Yakasai was arrested after he called on President Muhammadu Buhari to resign if he cannot resolve the persistent insecurity situation facing the country, especially with the abduction of school students in Zamfara State. Brother of the former aide, Abdullahi Yakasai confirmed the release in a tweet on Monday night. Recall that the Department of State Services had arrested Yakasai, whose family and friends declared missing on Friday afternoon. Also, it will be recalled that at the initial stage the DSS denied his arrest. However, after some time, the security agency admitted doing so which attracted a lot of condemnation. The Kano State governor, Abdullahi Ganduje had sacked him over what it termed not differentiating personal comments from an official position. Speaking later, the DSS spokesman, Peter Afunanya, while confirming Salihu’s detention, denied that the former aide’s arrest was connected to his criticism of the Buhari regime. The statement from the agency read, “This is to confirm that Salihu Tanko-Yakasai is with the Department of State Services. He is being investigated over issues beyond the expression of opinions in the social media as wrongly alleged by sections of the public.” The aide had called on President Muhammadu Buhari-led regime to either deal with bandits in the country or resign. It will be recalled that Tanko-Yakasai was sometime in 2020 suspended from office for several weeks, having earlier criticised Buhari over his failure to tackle the security challenges bedevilling the country.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided