A High Court 1, sitting in Idah in Kogi State presided by Justice Ajayi, has convicted and sentenced one Ocholi Edicha for the killing of Mrs. Salome Abuh, the woman leader of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). However, lawyers from the Ministry of Justice and the Solicitor General’s office have vowed to challenge the ruling, describing it as a surprise and not enough punishment for the offences committed. Barr. Otigbe Joseph said the judgment was a surprise, saying it would be challenged as the sentence cannot be equated to the offences committed which bothered on killing. The defendant was arraigned on the offences of criminal conspiracy, armed robbery, mischief by fire and culpable homicide. Delivering his judgment, Justice Ajayi convicted the suspect for culpable homicide not punishable with death. During the trial, the prosecution had called five witnesses while the court agreed with oral testimony and eyewitness account alongside statement made to the Nigeria Police and held it to be sufficient to secure the conviction of the defendant. The defendant denied making a statement to the Nigeria Police but was quick to challenge and accept some aspect of the statement. It would be recalled that the deceased, Mrs. Abuh was shot and set ablaze at her resident in Ochadamu in Ofu Local Government Area, Kogi State on November 18, 2019. The court convicted and sentenced the defendant to 12 years and 6 months imprisonment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…