A group under the aegis of The African Radio and Drama Association (ARDA) – Community Initiatives to Promote Peace (CIPP) project has trained 100 youths in Kaduna metropolis and environs against spreading fake news and rumours to instigate violence. Speaking at the sideline of a one-day seminar for the youths, the Programme Officer of ARDA, Ibukun Sanni noted that Kaduna has been one of the volatile states that have been prone to violence for decades. “We understood this incessant crisis in some of the states is avoidable. So we decided to hold the seminar to teach the youths how to better their lives with the use of social media platforms.” She disclosed that six states in North were on their radar, saying, “We cannot continue to allow the youths being used as a tool of destruction.” Also, she said, “We will not allow a situation where the youth will use the social media to spread falsehood, rumour as well as fake news that usually leads to crisis.” “This initiative,” she pointed out “will teach the youths how to use social media platforms to enhance their living, saying, there are many things one can use the social media to improve his life.” According to her, over 100 youths from the metropolis and environs were invited to the seminar and will be taught how to start their businesses and have their brand names. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!