A Wednesday gun duel between operatives of EAGLE-NET Special Squad team of the Delta State Police Command has led to the death of one suspected cultist, Igah Aminu and the arrest of 13 others at Udu and Ughelli South local government areas of the state. Worried by the incident, the Commissioner of Police, Ari Muhammed Ali, therefore, appealed to members of the public to continue to support and help the police by giving vital information to reduce criminality in the state. The deceased and 11 arrested cult suspects reportedly engaged the police operatives in a gun duel at about 2:15 a.m. on Wednesday when the operatives stormed their hideout in Oghor community in Udu Local Government Area of the state. The 11 cult suspects arrested from Udu were identified as Henry Ogori, Kennedy Akpotu, Promise Ophiomo, Daniel Believe, Daniel Sele and Paul Zion. Others were Igah Aminu, Philip Choice, Joshua Ogunamen, Johnson Opiomo and Joshua Godswill. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, who confirmed the arrest, said the deceased, Igah Aminu, died due to gunshot injuries after the gun duel, adding that two pistols, three rounds of live ammunition and six mobile phones were recovered from the suspects and efforts were on to apprehend others fleeing suspects. Also, police operatives have arrested two suspected cultists, Omoyevwe Emmanuel and Marcus Michael of Usienfurun with charms in connection with the killing of Ebeni Jelekun of Ekakpmre, who allegedly belong to Aiye confraternity cult group on Wednesday at about 4:40 a.m. The suspects were allegedly led by one Oghenerona Young Goddy, alias King Jaja of Ekakpamre/Egbou Hurie communities, Otu-Jeremi to kill the deceased in his home. Similarly, a hot chase of three armed boys by concerned road users at Ovade road connecting Oghara in Ethiope West Local Government Area of the state led to the arrest of one of them, 35-year-old Gabriel Igodo who attempted to dispossess a man of his motorbike on Tuesday, March 27, at about 1: 00 p.m. While two escaped, the mob caught up with Igodo and was beaten to a pulp before the arrival of the police who rescued and conveyed him to a hospital where he later died. One gun with one live cartridge was recovered from him.