IN a bid to reduce criminal activities within the airport environment, the Nigeria Police, Murtala Muhammed Airport (MMA) Command, Lagos has canvassed adoption of community policing. The command also pledged to continue to partner with airport journalists in the area of dissemination of information to the public. The Commissioner of Police, Airport Police Command, Mr Abubakar Umar who said this to airport journalists added that community policing was all about partnering with the members of the community, of which he said airport media was one. Umar insisted that it was necessary for everyone to know about his or her community, stressing that without this, it would be difficult to address insecurity in the society. “It is only when you know what is happening around you that you can take a proactive action to take care of what is happening or what has happened. We will continue to work with you. If there is anything you perceive, which can assist us, don’t hesitate to let us know.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided