A Chadian lady, Vivien Tarmadji, has been arrested at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, by operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), while trying to board an Ethiopian airline flight 911 en route Addis Ababa-Italy with 234.35 grammes of heroin concealed in her private part. The Director, Media and Advocacy of the NDLEA, Femi Babafemi, in a statement, said the trafficker, who has run a salon business in Italy since 2016 upon her relocation to the country via Libya, was nabbed by vigilant narcotics agents during an outward clearance of the airline at the boarding gate after being scanned. Under interrogation, she claimed she was contacted by a man who called her from Italy to collect the drug from one man who delivered the illicit substance to her in a hotel where she lodged in Lagos early in the morning before she took her flight to Abuja same day for onward journey to Italy. She further claimed that the man brought 50 wraps of heroin for her to swallow but she couldn’t and then she decided to insert 18 wraps into her private part and return the remaining to the man that brought the drug to her in the hotel. According to her, she came to Nigeria to raise money to pay for her house and shop rents which had expired in Italy, as life has been so difficult since the coming in of COVID-19 pandemic. She said the owner of the drug was to pay her 10,000 Euros on successful delivery of the drug to Italy. Another trafficker, Okojie James from Oredo Local Government Area of Edo State, was also arrested while boarding a Turkish airline flight en route Abuja-Istanbul-Cyprus. A number of illicit drugs, including 1.549kg of Cannabis Sativa; 223.80 grammes of Tramadol; 192.34 grammes of Rohypnol; 214.05 grammes of Flunitrazepam, all of which were concealed in tins of beverage and milk packed in a bag of foodstuff, were recovered from him, the statement said. During interrogation, he claimed his friend, one Mr Elvis who resides in Cyprus, asked him to collect the luggage for him. According to him, Elvis’ sister sent the luggage to him in Abuja from Benin through a transport company. He said he was into shawarma and noodles business in Benin before Elvis invited him to Cyprus, claiming that he got him admission to school there.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!