Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, Ngozi Onadeko, has enjoined all police officers and men in the state command to ensure that they take vaccination against COVID-19, to avoid contracting the virus. Onadeko gave the admonition, on Friday, while receiving her first jab of the vaccine during the formal flag-off of the Covid-19 vaccination for police officers and men in the state command. The state police boss, who said she didn’t feel any pain, assured that, it was safe and better for the police to take it. According to her, “the police are on the frontline; we meet people every day. It will go a long way in protecting us.” “Everybody should come out and take it. I’ve done so for about 15 minutes now and I’m not feeling any pain.” Onadeko said further that the officer in charge of medical matters was to ensure that all officers and men in the metropolis, local government areas and outposts get vaccinated. She added that those outside the metropolis would take the vaccine in their local government areas. She added: “We need to thank the health officials who are taken to every police area command,” assuring that all officers and men would be vaccinated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Oyo CP flags off COVID-19 vaccination in state command, takes first jab Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Oyo CP flags off COVID-19 vaccination in state command, takes first jab