The Nigerian Conservation Foundation (NCF), with the support of National Park Service trained 50 park rangers of Okomu National Park, Edo State, Besides, it has also empowered 240 members of the neighbouring communities through two separate intensive capacity building workshops The core objective of the training was to improve the security and tourism infrastructure for the effective management of the Park. Other objectives include enhancement of the management and governance of priority Protected Areas (PA) by addressing existing limitations; enforce the legal framework required to achieve effective biodiversity conservation in PAs; support local communities’ initiatives aiming to enhance the livelihoods of local people whilst effectively contributing to PA management; and promote the ecotourism potential of the Park. This was done with the financial contribution of the European Union and the African Caribbean Pacific (ACP) Group of states through the Biodiversity and Protected Areas Management (BIOPAMA) Programme. Director-General of NCF, Dr Muhtari Aminu-Kano,  represented by Dr. Joseph Onoja,  a Director of Technical Programme, said the capacity building and donations of items were being done in order to enhance the protection of the park and also to aid data collection of the wildlife species. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…FG removes NIMET DG, reappoints Olateru to AIB, appoints new rector for NCAT FG removes NIMET DG, reappoints Olateru to AIB, appoints new rector for NCAT Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng