THE Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE)  is set to hold a workshop aimed to dissect the benefits of value investing and growth investing. The online event is specifically for retail investors in the nation’s stock market and it is the first organised by the exchange this year. According to a notice, the event, tagged Retail Investors Workshop, will take place on Thursday, March 11, 2021, by 11am and will have experts speaking on the theme. “We are pleased to invite you to our first Retail Investors Workshop in 2021. On Thursday, 11 March 2021, by 11:00am, we will critically consider Value Investing vs. Growth Investing and the benefits each provides,” the notice read. The workshop is one of the means the NSE uses to educate investors and deepen financial education. The NSE explained that this webinar is designed to educate existing and new investors on the opportunities for the creation of wealth and the value proposition of equity product. It will also serve as an avenue to interact and gain knowledge of the workings of the capital market. The overarching objective of the webinar is to equip participants with the fundamental knowledge of equities as a capital market product and how it can be leveraged to grow wealth. The workshop will educate intending and existing investors on how to achieve their financial objectives through capital market investment vehicles. Value investing involves an investment strategy of buying stocks trading at a cheaper price when their fundamentals are taken into consideration. On the other hand, growth investing is an investment strategy that involves buying equities that have huge potentials to rise in the future because the company will likely perform well and increase its earnings. Picking these classes of shares is difficult for most retail investors, especially those just entering the market without much knowledge of the ecosystem. At the seminar, the exchange hopes to tutor participants on ways to identify value and growth stocks and how to go about buying them. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com