The Lagos State Police Command has rescued one abandoned new-born baby boy on Monday, March 15, 2021, at about 1030pm. According to a release by CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, police public relations officer, Lagos State Command, the baby was found by a good Lagosian at Oladejo Street, Oko Oba Lagos on Monday at 1020pm and informed the police operatives attached to Abattoir Division of the command who raced to the scene and picked up the baby for necessary medical attention and safety. The  Commissioner of Police Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu on March 16, 2021 received the baby in his Ikeja office and has ordered the Gender Unit of the command to hand over the baby to the Child Protection Unit of the Ministry of Youth and Social Development of Lagos State. The unit is presently having custody of the rescued baby. The Commissioner of Police however expressed his intention to discuss with the Ministry of Youth and Social Development on processes of adopting the handsome looking boy as soon as possible. The police boss also urged women, especially young ones, to desist from this callous act which must be unequivocally condemned by all and sundry in the state and Nigeria at large.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng