Gunmen, believed to be kidnappers, on Sunday morning, forced their way into the apartment of a senior police officer, Assistant Superintendent of Police, Clement Amoko, and whisked him away to an unknown destination. Amoko, who is attached to the State Intelligence Bureau (SIB) of the Edo State Police Command, was kidnapped in the presence of his wife and children at their home in the Ogida area if Benin City, the state capital. His abductors who were said to be heavily armed were said to have broken into the police officer’s apartment in the wee hours of Sunday without any resistance from the senior police officer. A member of the family who craved anonymity said that Amoko’s kidnappers had contacted the family but would not disclose how much they were demanding as ransom. The state Police Command, it was gathered, had moved into action, deploying personnel and other resources to rescue the abducted. The Command, through the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Princewill Osaigbovo, confirmed the kidnap. “Yes, I have been informed of the kidnap and the victim is of the SIB Department but I am expecting details and other information of the officer from the division and the SIB Department,” Osaigbovo said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there.Gunmen kidnap police officer in Benin Gunmen kidnap police officer in Benin Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided