The All Progressives Congress has reacted to Thursday conviction of Returning Officer in the Akwa-Ibom North-west senatorial election, Professor Peter Ogban. The Professor of Soil Science at the University of Calabar was handed three years jail term by Justice Augustine Odokwo of Akwa Ibom High Court for manipulating the results of two local government areas – Oruk Anam and Etim Ekpo. Former Akwa-Ibom state governor and incumbent Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio was the APC candidate while former deputy governor, Chris Ekpenyong was the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party. Ogban, who was also fined a N100,000 fine was prosecuted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Reacting to the development, Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the APC, Yekeen Nabena in a statement said the Court judgement has vindicated the APC and its candidate in the election, Godswill Akpabio that the results produce by INEC was manipulated. Nabena recalled that during the election, the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs asked the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to redeploy the Resident Electoral Commissioner in Akwa Ibom state than when he (Akpabio) noticed that the PDP was using some officials of the electoral umpire against him. The APC chieftain condemned the manipulative strategy being employed by the PDP and its agents, particularly in Akwa Ibom state to discredit the APC and Senator Akpabio as a result of the Court’s Pronouncement. The statement called on Nigerians to disregard the attempt by the PDP and its sponsored agents to misinform the general public on the real issue, the interpretation of the Court judgment and the integrity challenges facing the main opposition party. “We celebrate the Court’s pronouncement jailing one of the agents of the PDP used against our candidate (Akpabio) in the senatorial election in Akwa Ibom north-west in 2019. “We always believe that ‘if a lie goes for twenty years, the truth will meet it one day’. This judgement is significant in the sense that others like Prof. Ogban in the system should henceforth know that under the present Federal Government-APC’s administration, justice will always prevail.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Prof Ogban’s conviction  Prof Ogban’s conviction Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Prof Ogban’s conviction  Prof Ogban’s conviction