TITAN Farms, a fast-growing agribusiness company in Nigeria and headquartered in Ibadan, has picked the Olubadan of Ibadan, His Imperial Majesty, Oba Saliu Adetunji Aje Ogungunniso 1 its patron. This is coming a few days after the company’s Chief Executive Officer Mr Gbenga Eyiolawi and his team visited the revered monarch at his palace in Ibadan. According to Eyiolawi, Oba Adetunji, has displayed so far, fatherly support to ensure that the company and Ibadan in particular experience rapid growth. Reacting to the development, the Olubadan said identifying with Titan Farms is as a result of the sterling way the company has beencarrying out its role as a business enterprise since inception and that he is personally impressed with the leadership qualities of the CEO and the brand’s genuine desire to put smiles on people’s faces by virtue of their products and services. The traditional ruler also charged people to embrace indigenous-oriented companies and help be a part of their success stories. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…