As Nigerians celebrate the Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo who turns 64 today, his spokesperson, Mr Laolu Akande shared insight into the VP’s leadership qualities in an interaction with the media last night soon after the President described the VP “as a reliable and dedicated deputy.” Akande said the kind of relationship that exists between the President and the VP inspires “many of us, and can definitely energize significant national rebirth and development even at a time like this.” He added that by following the President dutifully and faithfully, Prof Osinbajo has demonstrated that good leaders are first good followers and to use the word of the President, “reliable” team members. “Because Osinbajo is reliable in the discharge of his duties and cool-headed as Mr President noted, he becomes an example that many are so willing to follow and emulate in life. I do,” the senior special assistant on media and publicity to the president in the office of the vice president disclosed. According to Akande, “the reason many younger people seek after Prof Osinbajo and their quest to have him attend to issues is because many see him as someone who is believable and they can relate with. “Prof. has effortlessly and managed quite comfortably to connect with the younger people and his messages easily resonate with them. “Even his peers and in many instances those older than him also find him exemplary, all you need to do is to review what many of these or those ahead of him have said about him publicly. “The latest is from the President when he said his deputy ‘is an incredibly patient politician who demonstrates remarkable intellectual and mental energy in the discharge of his duties.’” Continuing Akande noted that “Greatness comes in twin pieces. You follow well and learn leading well. You work hard and understand the value of reward. Osinbajo is following well and  working hard.” He concluded that “So in moments when the seat is hot and the atmosphere is charged, people like Vice President Osinbajo, endowed with an incredible manifestation of the Grace of God, can stay in the game and show us as a nation and a people to what is increasingly possible when we follow right and lead well. Happy birthday my dear Prof!”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com