GOVERNOR Ben Ayade  of Cross River State has said that the state was set for a paradigm shift in its agro- industrialisation drive by introducing easy to operate tractors and other agricultural equipment systems that are semi- manual. Ayade who demonstrated a hand-operated ploughing machine at the Industrial Park, Calabar,  described the special tractor as a “utility machine that has the ability to execute multiple farming tasks.” He disclosed that though the machine originated from Asia, the West African Fabrication and Construction Academy, Calabar, which his administration established “will soon commence mass fabrication of it in collaboration with our Cambodian technical partners who are here”. “This is a utility machine. This machine you are seeing here has the ability to execute multiple farming tasks. It is a new tractorisation system that is semi-manual. The machine ploughs, so it can plough your soil to enable you to plant. It is also a vehicle- all you need is change the steel tyre to normal rubber tyre and put a hook at the back and it becomes a vehicle capable of carrying about five persons in the farm”, the governor explained. Besides, Ayade disclosed further that “it is also a generator, it can generate electricity. It can equally function as a pumping machine to pump water to water your farm”. Also, demonstrated at the Industrial Park was a hand operated mini- mechanized rice milling machine. The governor pledged that the milking machine would also be mass produced at the Fabrication Academy, saying that the industrialised part of Asia actually started with the production of mini- machines. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!