Osun State Government on Tuesday evening disclosed that it has trained about 300 health workers to administer doses of Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines received from the Federal Government. The Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Mrs Funke Egbemode who made this known in a statement in Osogbo, hinted that the state received “the vaccine at about 7:11 pm on Tuesday, and the government is prepared to both preserve and administer the vaccines, having trained about 300 health workers for the vaccination exercise and installed storage facilities (cold chain) across the 332 wards in the state.” She assured residents of the state that the government would soon commence the vaccination in line with the scheduled guidelines laid down by the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA). She also advised citizens to shun the misinformation making the rounds about the vaccines, adding that the vaccines have been scientifically tested and certified fit for human use by the National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC). Egbemode added that in spite of the administration of the vaccines, citizens should continue to observe all Covid-19 protocols laid down by the government. The medical team that received the doses of vaccine on behalf of the Osun government includes Commissioner for Health, Dr Rafiu Isamotu; Special Adviser to the Governor on Public Health, Dr Siji Olamiju; and the Chairman, Osun Primary Health Care Development Board, Mr Leke Ogunsola. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com