Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom, on Saturday escaped death narrowly, as suspected Fulani bandits reportedly attacked him and his convoy. It was gathered that the governor was on his way to Makurdi when the terrorists opened fire on his convoy but were repelled by his security men. Governor Ortom who narrated how he escaped from the terrorists said that they had rounded up on his farm and were preparing to return to Makurdi when he was attacked. He said that but for the grace of God, he might have been a dead man. The governor said that he ran a distance of one and a half kilometers to escape from the rampaging terrorists. Ortom said that the attackers who were more than 15 in number were dressed in black attire and shot sporadically on sighting him and his security men. According to him, the incident happened around 11:00 am on Saturday at his farm along Makurdi/Gboko road. He noted that though, his security men were able to repel the attackers, he still had to call for reinforcement of troops of Operation Whirl Stroke, policemen and State Security Servicemen. Ortom said that he heard from intelligence report that the Miyeitti Allah had held a meeting in Yola, capital city of Adamawa and had singled him out to be killed and submitted that the attack on him on Saturday was a manifestation of their meeting. The governor lamented that with the huge security around him to have been attacked, he wondered what ordinary people of the state will pass through. “You know today is Saturday and is normal as a farmer, I usually go to my farm; so I went to my farm along Gboko road and on our way back, we started hearing some gunshots and we discovered people who were dressed in black and from experience, we now discovered that these are Fulani militias. Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned what it called Saturday’s reckless attack and the assassination attempt on Governor Ortom by suspected killer herdsmen. Taking this position in a statement, the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Kola Ologbondiyan, called on President Muhammadu Buhari to put machinery in motion by ordering an immediate manhunt, arrest and prosecution of the assailants and as well beef up security around the governor. The PDP expressed shock that the assailants trailed Governor Ortom and opened fire on him and his aides along Makurdi/Gboko road, “in an attack that by every indication is aimed to assassinate the governor.” The statement added: “Our party is worried that this brazen attempt at Governor Ortom’s life is coming on the heels of his outspokenness in exposing those allegedly behind the incessant attacks of communities in the state and demanding that the Federal Government to live up to its responsibility on the protection of life and property in the state.” Also reacting to the development, Rivers State governor, Mr Nyesom Wike, warned that should anything happen to Ortom, the country would suffer the consequences.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng