A Special Investigation Task Force set up by the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Abubakar Adamu in continuation of the ongoing investigation into the reported attack and attempted murder of the Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, has arrived in Makurdi, the Benue State capital. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Sunday by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba. According to the statement, the team, led by a Deputy Commissioner of Police DCP, Abba Kyari consists of operatives from the tactical investigation units of the Force Intelligence Bureau (FIB) and other experienced, crack detectives with specialized competencies in crime scene investigation and reconstruction, ballistics, fingerprint analysis and other core areas of forensics. The statement said that the team is expected to take over and consolidate all ongoing investigation into the incident. According to the statement, “the team is also expected to investigate all angles of the reported attack with a view to ensuring that all persons empirically linked to the incident are apprehended and brought to book.” It added that the IGP has charged the team to be professional, thorough and clinical in their investigations and the team is expected to liaise and work with the Benue State Police Command and other relevant members of the law enforcement community with a view to tracking down the perpetrators of the dastardly act. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… | investigate attack on Gov Ortom | investigate attack on Gov Ortom | investigate attack on Gov Ortom SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!