President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) to improve surveillance and control around the nation’s borders and “ensure that criminal elements don’t find Nigeria as a safe haven to hide and perpetrate their criminality.” He made the declaration in a speech at the virtual commissioning ceremony of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) Technology Building, in Abuja, instructing all security agencies to raise their performance in protecting lives and property, with a mandate that the country’s Global Security Index must be improved. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) quoted him as saying: “It is imperative that our ranking in the Global Security Index improves and I am using this medium to call on all security agencies to step up their activities towards achieving this goal. I assure you that the administration will give the much needed support to you in your operations.” The president urged the NIS to collaborate with international security organisations like INTERPOL in safeguarding the borders. He added: “As a security agency, I charge you to be relentless in carrying out your statutory duties of keeping our borders safe while you ensure that criminal elements don’t find Nigeria as a safe haven to hide and perpetrate their criminality. “I urge you to actively collaborate with international security organisations like the INTERPOL in safeguarding our borders. Remember that a safe border is a prerequisite for a safe nation. “You must develop strong working relationships and ties with the international community and friendly nations as it relates to migration management; adopt and implement workable strategies from them while also sharing your best practices. “Frontline workers and operatorsshould remember that they are our windows to the world. They must show the best face of Nigeria at all times.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos…Buhari orders tighter security at nation’s borders Buhari orders tighter security at nation’s borders Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided