If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavours to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in few hours. Henry David Thoreau. Dr Linda through the instrumentality of her company have sponsored several young individuals abroad on an all-expense-paid trip and have helped many secure admissions. In an interview with the beneficiaries who won an all-expense-paid trip to Benin Republic, the contest for the trip, a Carousel design Challenge, which should contain details about Dr. Linda Iheme and Vantage Migration, was announced in January 2021 and had thousands of applicants across Facebook and Instagram. Nwodo Joy Chiamaka, a fashion designer who is popularly known as Joy Sandra on Facebook and Instagram, was born to the family of Hon. Peter Chinwuba Nwodo, From Amurri in Nkanu West LGA. An ecstatic Joy shared her experiences as she expresses that the trip was a big one for her as she had not travelled out of Nigeria before. She said: ‘’ I have always harboured the thought of doing a west African trip overland along the coast from my home country. Until I got an all-expense-paid trip to Benin republic through vantage migration and allied consult. The trip was amazing, I am still reeling with excitement. She furthermore stated that she had an awesome moment from the road trip to their hotel experience at the ocean side view and kayaking. Assumpta a native of Awo Idemili, Orsu LGA in Imo state, popularly known as Mercy Dominic on Facebook, is the founder of Assymel Empire, an organization that deals with Handmade bags, Footwears and runs an industrial Cleaning Company also expressed jollity as she shared with us how the trip exposed her positively on her business, Lifestyle and how it helped her overcame some phobias. She talked about the intriguing moment of how she carried a female cobra, some scary fun filled experience, the pleasure of having new meals that is totally different from her country meal and the opportunity to meet new people outside her comfort zone. She said:“mytrip to Benin republic is and will always be memorable to me, I didn’t get to pay a dine as it was a paid trip, we were given special treatments from the first day till we got back to our base, I had the chance to understand the cultures and traditions of Quidah, Benin republic. I also visited the art market and museum which was an added knowledge to what I already know. I would like to Thank Dr Linda iheme for the great opportunity and exposure this trip gave to me as I never saw it coming and wouldn’t have been possible so soon for me. And to all others out there, this is to encourage you to follow the page if you haven’t keyed it, stay glue to all her social media handles @Drlindaiheme on Instagram, Dr. Linda iheme on Facebook, Dr Linda Iheme Tv on youtubeand most importantly keep referring the page to others so they can benefit also. Just like the above saying Dr Linda Iheme the CEO of Vantage migration and Allied Consult have been helping many young Nigerians who have dreams of travelling abroad but lack the financial wherewithal to bring those dreams to reality, they have been by helping these individuals gain scholarships and other fully funded Opportunities abroad. Watch the free webinar: http://www.vantagemigration.ca/ to get started.