THE Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP) has declared that governments at all levels would face the bitterness and anger of the senior citizens and pensioners if they fail to approve and commence implementation of the report of a committee on the national minimum pension within the next 21 days. Already, the NUP had issued a 22-day ultimatum to the government, it now warned that the pensioners were ready and prepared for a mother of all protests across all the 36 states of the federation and the FCT, Abuja, without further recourse to the government or security agencies. Speaking on their preparedness for the protest, the National President of NUP, Dr. Abel Afolayan, said the union was only pushing the information on the issue of the 21-day ultimatum to all security agencies out of great respect to them, saying, “we shall take to the streets in all the states of the federation without further recourse to the security agencies.” Comrade Afolayan pointed out that the pensioners, whose patience had run out, had been spoiling for a showdown with the governments at the federal, state and local government levels. “Having exhausted all avenues to press home our legitimate demand but to no avail, we are left with no option than to embark on a nationwide protest, as that is the only language our governments understands.” Dr. Afolayan said. He added: “For this reason, the union is giving the Federal Government another 21-day ultimatum in compliance with the Trade Unions Act, to sign the submitted pension adjustment document before it for immediate implementation or face the bitterness and anger of the Nigerian pensioners whose patience have run out and have been spoiling for a showdown with the three tiers of the government of the federation. “If nothing is done within the stipulated time, we shall take to the streets in all the states of the federation without further recourse to the security agencies to protest the unjust and unfair treatment being meted out to the Senior Citizens who spent the youthful and useful part of their lives to serve this country to the best of their abilities.  A stitch in time saves nine. We take this press conference only as a piece of information to all security agencies out of our great respect for them.” Dr. Afolayan further explained that Nigerian workers have benefitted and have been enjoying the consequential adjustment in their salaries, arising from the implementation of the N30,000 national minimum wage as approved and signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari, since April 18, 2019. According to him, it was disheartening to note that for almost two years, pensioners are still awaiting the approval of their own consequential adjustment of monthly pensions in compliance with the constitutional stipulation, adding that this was despite several efforts and moves by the national leadership of the union, even though such demand is in not tandem with the economic realities of today. The NUP president said: “It is instructive to inform you that the committee set up by the Salaries, Incomes and Wages Commission, having completed its assignment, submitted the committee’s report to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) since November 2020 for onward transmission to the president for his assent.  But regrettably, as we speak, the whereabout of this important document is still unknown. It is unbelievable and worrisome that such a vital document as this is missing between the office of the SGF and the presidency.” Sections173 (3) and 210 (3) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) unequivocally state that: “Pensions shall be reviewed every five years or together with the salary reviews of workers, whichever comes earlier. But the NUP president regretted that the last pension review exercise was 1st July, 2010; more than a decade ago. He added that this was flagrant disobedience to the constitution and gross disrespect to Senior Citizens. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…