THE Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture, Chief Segun Runsewe has called for the need to establish and reinforce the cultural relationship that exists between South Korea the Federal Government of Nigeria that dates as far back as 2010, for mutual benefits. Runsewe stated this when the Ambassador of the Republic of South Korea to Nigeria, Kim Young Chae paid him a courtesy visit in Abuja recently, noting that Nigeria has benefitted a lot from the mutual relationship with South Korea in areas of education, poverty eradication, trade and many more, adding that the trade margin between the two countries as at 2011 was well over $3 million dollars. During the visit, Runsewe informed the South Korean Ambassador on the forthcoming programme of NCAC called the International Arts and Crafts Expo (INAC) and to seek the participation of South Korea. He also sought partnership with the Republic of South Korea in organising a joint exhibition in Nigeria and in South Korea, noting that this will be very rewarding to both countries. in his remarks, Young Chae stated that the embassy of South Korea will be interested in joint programme for school children and other cultural programmes that will make Koreans to understand Nigerians better. He proposed a joint food festival as well as arts and crafts exhibition later in the year. On capacity building, Runsewe told the South Korea Ambassador to Nigeria that the need for capacity building for NCAC staff on seminars, workshop and conferences on arts and culture, festivals, exchange visits and exhibitions between South Korea and NCAC cannot be over emphasised. The ambassador responded that the Korean cultural centre will soon be upgraded so that NCAC can use it to project Nigerian films and programmes. He promised to work with NCAC to achieve a sustainable mutual understanding between South Korea and Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…South Korea to strengthen  South Korea to strengthen 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…South Korea to strengthen  South Korea to strengthen Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com