Three cultists reportedly lost their lives when two rival cult groups clashed on Sunday morning in Osogbo, Osun State capital. Tribune Online gathered that the clash between the two rival cult groups identified as “Aiye” and “Eye” confraternities around 8.00 am occurred at Kolawole area of the town and lasted hours. The cultists were reportedly killed at Kolawole, Alie and Obalende areas of the town, while several others were left injured. It was also learnt that those wounded in the crisis were taken to undisclosed hospitals for medical attention while the cultists carried their wounded colleagues into their respective buses before leaving the scene. The cultists who were armed with guns, clubs, cutlasses, broken bottles, axes, daggers, knives and other dangerous weapons were reported to have attacked each other, shooting sporadically. An eyewitness who identified himself as Adejobi Olakunle stated that the cultists stormed their area in separate buses, adding that some of them tied charms around their waists. He also hinted that one of the corpses was evacuated by the police around 9:45 am while the cult members took the remaining ones away. The State Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs. Yemisi Opalola confirmed the attack, hinting that one Nafisat Owonikoko of No33, Aromole street Ita-olokan, Osogbo reported that her 44-year-old husband, Sogo Owonikoko, who is suspected to be a member of Eiye cult was shot dead by a rival Aiye cult group at about 10 am at Obate area.” “Detectives visited the scene, corpse removed the corpse and deposited it at UNIOSUN Teaching Hospital Complex Morgue in Osogbo while investigation on the incident is ongoing,” she added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. | two rival cult groups clash in Osun | two rival cult groups clash in Osun| two rival cult groups clash in Osun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!