APEX regulatory agency in the nation’s advertising industry, the  Advertising Practitioners  Council of Nigeria (APCON), and the Nigerian Broadcasting Commission (NBC), have concluded plans to sign a Memorandum of Understanding, (MoU), on zero advertising debts. Disclosing this at the unveiling of  the Digital Switch Over (DSO)/Analogue Switch Off Timetable in Abuja, recently, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed,  stated that the MoU,  expected to be signed ‘soon’ is aimed at  ensuring  that media owners are not denied their revenue from advertising. The minister expressed the belief that the signing of the MoU would go a long way in solving the seemingly intractable huge debt issue, confronting the nation’s integrated marketing communications industry. Alhaji Lai Mohammed also called on APCON to come up with key policies that would guarantee steady advertising income for the nation’s  media houses. He stated that such policies had become imperative; since they would create a healthy and conducive environment for media outfits to operate. “Very soon, APCON and NBC will sign a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, on zero advertising debts to ensure that revenue from advertising goes to the media owners,” the minister stated. Commending the minister for issuing the directive, which he said was aimed at ensuring that media owners were not denied their  ad revenue,  the Registrar/CEO, APCON, Dr. Olalekan Fadolapo,  stated such directive and the one earlier issued by the minister , regarding the full implementation of the advertising industry reform guideline, would go a long way in creating a healthy business environment, sanitise the industry, set minimum acceptable business engagement rules and ethical standards. The APCON boss expressed confidence in the partnership with NBC on the implementation of the Hon Minister’s directive which, he added, would  further foster growth and development of the industry.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!