Two UK studies on Wednesday found out that women in their 40s and 50s appear to be more at risk of long-term problems following discharge from hospital after COVID-19. According to the study, many of them are suffering months of persistent symptoms such as fatigue, breathlessness and brain fog. One study found that five months after leaving the hospital, COVID-19 patients who were also middle-aged, white, female, and had other health problems such as diabetes, lung or heart disease, tended to be more likely to report long-COVID-19 symptoms. “Our study finds that those who have the most severe prolonged symptoms tend to be white women aged approximately 40 to 60 who have at least two long term health conditions,’’ said Chris Brightling. Brightling is a professor of respiratory medicine at Leicester University who co-led the study known as PHOSP-COVID. A second study led by the International Severe Acute Respiratory and Emerging Infections Consortium (ISARIC) found that women under 50 had higher odds of worse long-term health outcomes than men and than older study participants, even if they had no underlying health conditions. “It’s becoming increasingly clear that COVID-19 has profound consequences for those who survive the disease,’’ said Tom Drake, a clinical research fellow at Edinburgh University who co-led the ISARIC study. “We found that younger women were most likely to have worse long-term outcomes.’’ The ISARIC study, which covered 327 patients, found that women under 50 were twice as likely to report fatigue, seven times more likely to have breathlessness, and also more likely to have problems relating to memory, mobility and communication. The PHOSP study analysed 1,077 male and female patients who were discharged from hospitals in Britain between March and November 2020 after having COVID-19. A majority of patients reported multiple persistent symptoms after five months, with common symptoms being muscle and joint pain, fatigue, weakness, breathlessness and brain fog. More than a quarter had what doctors said were clinically significant symptoms of anxiety and depression at five months, and 12 per cent had symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Louise Wain, a professor and respiratory specialist at Leicester University who co-led PHOSP, said differences in male and female immune responses may explain why post-COVID syndrome seems to be more prevalent in women. “We know that autoimmunity, where the body has an immune response to its own healthy cells and organs, is more common in middle-aged women,’’ she said, but further investigation is needed to fully understand the processes involved. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… survivors risk persistent problems  ;  survivors risk persistent problems  ;  survivors risk persistent problems