President Muhammadu Buhari has said that with inter-basin water transfer of water to Lake Chad, farming, fishing, animal husbandry will resume, and irregular migration of youths, who now dare the Sahara Desert and the Mediterranean Sea, to get into Europe, seeking greener pastures will be curtailed. The President spoke Saturday while hosting the President of Chad, Marshal Idris Deby Itno, who paid him a one-day official visit at the presidential villa, Abuja. He observed that about 30 million people are adversely affected by a shrunken Lake Chad, which is now just about ten per cent of its original size. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media and Publicity) quoted him as saying: “It is imperative that there be water transfer to the Lake Chad from the Congo Basin, so that the people can resume their normal lives.” ALSO READ: Hijab: Ilorin indigenes seek FG’s intervention He added: “I’ve been engaging with the relevant stakeholders in Africa and beyond, on why we need to recharge Lake Chad. Nigeria will benefit more, but it is also advantageous to everyone,’’ President Buhari added. He appreciated Chad for its role in curbing insurgency in the region, particularly the Boko Haram challenge. “We appreciate what you are doing on security. When I first came to office in 2015, I came to see you, as well as leaders of other neighbouring countries, because it makes sense to be in the good books of our neighbours.” President Buhari wished Marshal Itno well in the general elections coming up in his country in April. The Chadian leader thanked President Buhari for receiving him, saying, “We are neighbours facing similar challenges.” He added that he was also around to explore other bilateral issues, in addition to security. On the recharge of Lake Chad, he counseled the Nigerian President to consider convening an international summit to move the idea forward. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!