Nine political parties on Thursday signed a peace accord in preparation for the forthcoming local government elections in Sokoto State. Led by the chairmen of the political parties in the state, they all agreed to respect the rules and regulations guiding the election. The signing which was under the chairmanship of the occasion, Mallam Namadina Abdulrahman, witnessed by the Vice-Chancellor of Sokoto State University, Professor Dangoggo as well as Alhaji Aliyu Sidi Athahiru. Earlier in his remarks, the chairman of Sokoto State Independent Electoral Commission, SIEC, Alhaji Aliyu Suleiman, said the commission has put in place all the necessary arrangements for successful conduct of the exercise. He assured the political parties that his commission will live up to expectations in the discharge of their responsibility. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) represented by the Head of Political Parties Monitoring in the state, Nanadina Abdulrahman, urge the political parties in the state to cooperate with SIEC for peaceful conduct of the election. He said with every effort put in place by the electoral umpire, nothing can be achieved without the support of the participating political parties and other relevant stakeholders. Also speaking, the state Commissioner for Police, CP Kola Okunlola, described the local government election as a grassroots elections which he said is very vital to the development. He called on all political parties to lecture their supporters and followers against violence before, during and after the election. He said there will be no vehicular movement between the hours 6 am and 4 pm on the day of the election, warning that any vehicle caught within the hours will be impounded. Nigeria Tribune reports that the local government election in Sokoto State is scheduled to hold in the state on Saturday, March 27, with about nine political parties excluding All Progressive Congress (APC) which had earlier pulled out, citing lack of confidence in the composition of the state electoral body. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.