70-year-old Abdullahi Wakili was on Tuesday docked with two of his sons; Abu (45) and Samaila (27), alongside another man identified as Aliyu Manu (20) before Chief Magistrate Emmanuel Idowu, of the Oyo State Chief Magistrate Court sitting at Iyaganku, on a six-count charge bordering on conspiracy, murder, kidnapping and armed robbery. It will be recalled that Wakili was recently arrested by men of the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) who identified him as Iskilu Wakili on the grounds that he is the leader of the notorious gang known for terrorising the people in Ibarapa area of Oyo State and had handed him over to the police authorities after his arrest. The pleas of the defendants were, however, not taken due to issues bordering on the lack of jurisdiction of the court to hear the matter and Magistrate Idowu ordered that the suspects be remanded at the Abolongo Custodial Centre of the Nigeria Correctional Service in Oyo. The court further ordered the police to send the case file to the Oyo State Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP) for legal advice and adjourned the matter till May 17, 2021, for mention. The prosecution counsel, ASP Adewale Amos while presenting the suspects before the court to be docked alleged that Wakili, Abu, Samaila and Manu conspired to commit the offence for which they are being charged. According to ASP Amos, Wakili and others had on October 20, 2015, caused the death of Cpl. Akinwale Akande (32) while he was performing his lawful duty, alleging further that on August 15, 2020, at about 4 p.m in Idi Emi in Oyo State, Wakili and others kidnapped a woman while armed with cutlasses and axe, then robbed her of N100,000. These offences according to him contravene the provisions of Sections 316 and 324 of the Criminal Code of Oyo State 2000 and are punishable under Section 319 of the same law. He stated further that the said offence also contravenes the provisions of Sections 3 and 6 of the Kidnapping (Prohibition) Law 2016 and punishable under Section 4 (2) of the law as well as Section 6b of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions) Act. Cap RII, Vol.14, Laws of Federation of Nigeria 2004 and Section (2) (a) (b) of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions). The four defendants were represented by a legal counsel identified as Oritsuwa Uwawa. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng