The Director-General, National Institute for Hospitality and Tourism (NIHOTOUR), Alhaji Nura Kangiwa has partnered with Empire Travel Services Limited (ETSL) to train Nigerian personnel in the tourism and hospitality industry for them to earn the certification of the International Air Transport Association (IATA). Kangiwa while signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Empire Travel Services Limited said the purpose of the collaboration was to strengthen the institute’s training capacity in IATA certification for personnel in the travel and tourism industry. “We have come to terms with the mandate of the institute and we have concluded that if NIHOTOUR must step up its game as a training centre of excellence in Nigeria, the partnership is the way to go in achieving this sustainable and high-quality service delivery for the tourism industry.” He added that the partnership would further improve on student’s enrolment, continued professional development and capacity building to facilitate interaction between the NIHOTOUR and the IATA. Speaking earlier, Managing Director of ETSL, Alhaji Ahmed Ojuolape, said the partnership would provide efficient and quality service delivery on the part of the institute. He added that such would help the institute to deliver on its core mandate of personnel training in the travel tourism and hospitality industry, tapping from the immense experience of the private sector. Ojuolape assured the institute that his firm was committed to ensuring that the partnership between the two organisations yielded the desired positive results. He further said such results would prove the efficiency of a public-private partnership which the present administration yearned for to deliver good services for the benefits of the people. “With this collaborative partnership, NIHOTOUR is once again poised to comfortably maintain the enviable position it has occupied for some years now as the top training centre on the entire African continent.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…NIHOTOUR partners Empire Travel  NIHOTOUR partners Empire Travel 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..NIHOTOUR partners Empire Travel  NIHOTOUR partners Empire Travel NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided