AL-ANDALUS rice has launched over N1 billion rice processing factory in Kuje Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to complement government’s efforts towards resuscitating the economy. Speaking with journalists at the grand opening of the mill in Abuja, the Chief Executive Officer of the firm, Henry Chibuzo Ekwugha said the mill would process 150 metric tons per day. Ekwugha said the rice mill is expected to create employment opportunities for over 500 youths both directly and indirectly,  as this is the time young people need to take over agriculture due to the opportunities available in the sector. He said it was important for the private sector to complement government’s efforts at resuscitating the economy by investing in areas that would create jobs and drive economic growth. According to him, the mill would assist the country to meet the domestic demand for high-quality parboiled rice and attain self-sufficiency in rice production. Ekwugha while noting that the mill is working towards achieving 1,000 metric tons daily in the next coming years, lamented that the running cost of the mill is the major challenge they face as they spend a minimum of N100,000 on diesel daily. He said, “We decided to go into technology based production because a lot of people complain about Nigerian rice due to some of the milling processes. Speaking on the challenges involved in sourcing paddy for milling, he said the firm will be setting up offices in about eight northern states where they will source paddy directly from farmers. On why he started the establishment of the mill from FCT, he said said a lot of rice consumed in Abuja come from the north east and west due to lack of functional rice mills at the north central region. “We plan to expand this mill across the country to create more employment because we have all it takes to process the best rice in Nigeria. “Our target is the Nigerian and international market because we have the best rice”. “The federal government is willing to support rice farmers and processors. This is why we have overtaken Egypt as the largest rice producer in Africa and all we need to do is to be sincere in what we are doing to sustain what is already on ground”, he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!