Bearish sentiments persisted in the domestic equities market, following profit taking on MTN Nigeria and WAPCO stocks. Consequently, the All-Share Index (ASI) of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) declined by 0.4 per cent to 39,522.06 basis points. Consequently, the Month-to-Date and Year-to-Date losses increased to -0.7 per cent and -1.9 per cent, respectively. Market sentiment as measured by market breadth remained negative as 29 tickers declined, relative to 16 gainers. On the performance chart, NEM Insurance and Champion Breweries topped the losers’ list with respective 9.9 per cent and 9.8 per cent, while Seplat and AIICO Insurance recorded the largest gains of the day having appreciated by 20 per cent and 5.2 per cent respectively. Performance across sectors was broadly negative, following losses across the Insurance, Consumer Goods and Industrial Goods indices. The Oil & Gas index was the lone gainer of the day while the Banking Index closed flat. Activity ay the local bourse however went uptick as the total volume traded increased by 9.8 per cent to 244.34 million units, valued at N4.13 billion, and exchanged in 4,714 deals. Zenith Bank was the most traded stock by volume and value at 41.38 million units and N1.06 billion, respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there.Profit-taking dips equities market further by 0.4 per cent Profit-taking dips equities market further by 0.4 per cent Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided