Taraba State government on Thursday received a total of 56,250 doses of AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines from the Federal Government. Director of immunization, Taraba State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr. Kenneth Tijos, received the vaccines on behalf of the state government at the Yola Airport, Adamawa State. Presenting the vaccine to the Taraba State Ministry of Health, the Executive Secretary Taraba State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Aminu Jauro, said the first batch of the vaccines would be administered to frontline health workers across the state. Meanwhile, Dr. Abeneza Apakye, permanent secretary in the ministry commended the federal government for her efforts towards tackling the deadly disease in the country. According to him, the vaccines will offer herd immunity to the people and subsequently end the fear of the virus which would give room for free life among citizens.  The permanent secretary assured that the vaccines were safe for human use as certified by NAFDAC. “The arrival of the vaccines doesn’t give room for the people to break the already established protocol of coronavirus prevention. People should maintain the existing protocol as established by the state technical committee on COVID-19. “The frontline health workers should also not go about their duties without maintaining the necessary protocol as usual,” Apakye said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com