The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, through the Director-General/Chief Executive Officer National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) Engr. Aliyu A. Aziz has launched the Mobile Web Service (MSW) Application also known as the NIMC APP and the improved National Identification Number (NIN) Slip for Public use. The NIMC App offers a secure channel for Nigerians and Legal residents to verify and authenticate their identities using their smartphones on-the-go. A statement signed by the Head, Corporate Communications of NIMC, Kayode Adegoke, said that “as an integral part of Nigeria’s digitiaation process spearheaded by the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, the App offers a built-in harmonisation process that allows for its use across other government services including FIRS, FRSC, NHIS, NPF, and NCC to mention a few. “On the other hand, the new improved NIN slip is pocket friendly and easy to verify and can be accessed via a self-service Portal, where persons who already have been issued the NIN, can log in, pay a small token fee, download a PDF of the document in colour (if preferred) print and laminate as desired. The current NIN Slip will remain valid and gradually phased out. “The NIMC App is available on the App Store for IOS users and Google Play store for Android users. The improved NIN Slip can also be downloaded via https://dashboard.nimc.gov.ng,” the statement noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. NIMC launches mobile App for NIN enrollment Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…NIMC launches mobile App for NIN enrollment SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!