The news last week that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) had begun a probe into the finances of  former governor of Lagos State and All Progressives Congress (EFCC) strongman, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, literally  shattered the Nigerian political airwaves. In the news, the EFCC reportedly wrote a letter to the Code of Conduct  Bureau (CCB) asking it to furnish the commission with details of Tinubu’s assets declaration form. Dated November 6,  2020, marked CR/3000/EFCC/LS/Vol4/322 and signed by its then Zonal Head, Abdulrasheed Bawa who is now the  EFCC chairman. In the mind of the Nigerian politician, all that is foul is fair. A Nigerian politician’s desperation for power is so pervasive  that it can be likened to that of a man driven to the point of killing his mother and roping his father for it. Scruples, ethos  and dignity are easily sacrificed in political permutations while, all things taken into consideration, it will seem that  those whose hearts are carapace-hard and incapable of empathy and sympathy operate at the highest echelon of  political decision-making. Ancient ethos of requiting good for good easily becomes a sacrificial lamb when the Nigerian  politician’s political calculus and permutations are in full swing. With an understanding of the mindset of those who make political decisions in Nigeria, it is not difficult to appear like a  Nostradamus on the projected travails of a man who, in close to 22 years of Nigeria’s Fourth Republic, has gradually grown to become a power octopod. The culmination of his  grits manifested when, in 2015, he literally single-handedly ensured the emergence of severally-scorned-at-the-polls  Muhammadu Buhari as president of Nigeria. During this time,  the most potent weapon for Tinubu to achieve whatever he wanted as a political aspiration in a larger Nigeria was  to, like Chief Obafemi Awolowo, tighten his hold on his western Nigerian base, become Awo-ly consequential therein  and use this hold to secure a negotiation on administering the rest of Nigeria. Unfortunately for him, gradually, he lost  grips of his base, so much that, if an election is conducted in Yorubaland today, Tinubu can scarcely win two states to his  side. Corruption in Nigeria is indeed hydra-headed. Many analysts have imputed a genetic drift into it. Scholars have also submitted that Nigeria would continue to be the laughing  stock of the world, even as it witnesses regression in all  departments of statehood, until that national leeching spirit is exorcised. With this as the background, asking the EFCC  not to do its constitutionally-assigned duty of smoking out malefactors, will tantamount seeking nourishment and flourish for evil to continue its imperious reign in Nigeria. However, the modus operandi of this EFCC searchlight on Tinubu appears very shroudy and bears every imprimatur of  politics. Exchanged in hushed tones and whispers, information that Tinubu’s hold on its erstwhile chairman Ibrahim  Magu, is akin to that of a Mandarin, has been oscillating in the public domain for a while now. It was even said that,  aware of their incestuous dalliance, Buhari and his power apparatchik deliberately refused to confirm the Kanuri-born  cop’s tenure as substantive chairman of the commission as a way of exhibiting their disdain for Tinubu. Nigeria’s  Attorney General, Abubakar Malami, is the legal anvil through whom the legal aspect of the equation is baked and  served. So when the EFCC boss began to go through his long-winding travails that eventually led to his exit, those who  were knowledgeable about power equations said that it was the first omen that the scaly hands of the Nigerian power  establishment was on its way to getting the Lagos political principality. If the highly touted familial relationship between Malami and Bawa, newly appointed EFCC chairman, has any modicum of truth in it, then it may be justifiably said that Bawa’s main assignment could be to achieve the Buhari click’s end result  of smoking out Tinubu. The desperation to push through the candidacy of the 40-year old young man who had spend  just about 16 years in the commission and the apparent frenetic drive to adjust his eligibility cadre are pointers to this  effort. As a starter, what job would anybody do for 16 years and would have acquired enough depth to sit at its top? A last-minute shoring up of Bawa’s service cadre was curiously, and with cheetah speed, done before his appearance at  the senate. An implementation of the Justice Ayo Salami panel’s alleged recommendation that police officers should be  topped from heading the commission was also haphazardly pushed through. The question is, is the white paper of the  panel’s report out? If it is not out, was it not putting the cart before the horse to implement a recommendation before its  white paper is out? The last we heard of the Salami-led judicial panel of enquiry report was that President Buhari  had set up a four-man committee to review it. Also in the news was that the committee would be saddled with  producing the White Paper on the probe report whose main recommendation was the removal of Magu. Garba Shehu,  the president’s aide, confirming this sequence, had said that “the judicial panel made widereaching recommendations  which must be carefully studied and acted upon. A White Paper committee is working on the report.” Again, the ongoing party re-registration being conducted by the APC is a direct rough tackle of Tinubu’s suzerainty in  the party. The earlier registration was said to have had been his brainchild which he owned, including the company which conducted it, which was his proxy. He deployed  this register to his advantage, especially in states of the country  conducting governorship party primaries mid-season in the last few years. By asking for a fresh registration, party  faithful know that it is an indirect jab against and vote of no confidence on Tinubu’s control of the party, again by the  cabal that is remote-controlling the present Tinubu’s travails. The major reason why the presidency wants Tinubu roasted is unclear. Could it be revenge for alleged accusation of him  sponsoring the EndSARS riot of October, 2020? Tinubu and his lieutenants have spiritedly denied complicity in the  allegation. If you look at the date of the correspondence of the EFCC to the CCB, you will realise that the state sprung  into action to nail Tinubu barely a month after that seismic riots. Could it also be an attempt to cut the wind off his  presidential ambition’s sail by putting EFCC spanners in the works? Already, actions have sprung up towards that  presidential bid. A Southwester group, SWAGA, has been meeting in all the states of the west to give life to the  aspiration and some northern states have been receiving lobbyists who promote the said Tinubu aspiration. What is however indubitable about this is that the attempt to probe Tinubu is a ooze out of the struggle for control of political space and the presidency is wielding its coercive  cudgel to teach the Lagos political czar a lesson of his life. If  the second scenario was the enabler of the Tinubu hunt, it stands against reason that the Lagos octopod himself would  not have gauged the resentment of the presidency to his presidential bid before now. There is no doubt that Tinubu  made a fatal calculation in misreading the disposition of the people he backed for the presidency in 2015 to him. It is  apparent that they are disdainful of him and believe he is worse than a pig in the mire. He was a whiff lucky to have had  this pall now hovering over his head delayed for over six years of the Buhari presidency. Just about six months into  Buhari being in office, the push to neutralise Tinubu began. The proposal to liquidate him was published as an opinion  piece in the Sun newspaper of this period, with very scary propositions to get him probed. So many disparaging comments were made about his person that bordered on the libelous, with the conclusion that he  be sacrificed by Buhari, not minding that he played a very significant role in the president’s election. That fatal misstep  of queuing behind Buhari led to a flurry of other missteps. The most cataclysmic of these was his sudden aloofness to  the interests of his people. As the Buhari  government’s policies became anti-people, Tinubu’s  hands were tied to  government and against his people. For instance, while the Yoruba agonized over the killing of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Afenifere leader, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, by people suspected to be Fulani herdsmen,  Tinubu stormed the Akure home of the Yoruba leader and poured vitriol on the wounds of the people. “I don’t  want to be political, but I will ask, where are the cows?” he had   sked sarcastically, apparently deflecting arrows that  pointed at the Fulani cow herders. At several other junctureswhere his people felt the agonising pinch of Buhari’s inhuman policies, mum was the word from Tinubu. On the  sparse occasion that he spoke, he went so off-tangent that you would wonder how political aspirations can  iametrically push people off the path of their people. The final nails on the coffin were Tinubu’s stance on the EndSARS   protest which was again, a bonding with the Buhari government. So also was his loud silence on the recent spate of killings and kidnappings in his Southwestern home states. Last week,  at the commissioning of the 1.4km Lagos Agege/Pen Cinema flyover, Tinubu again lapsed into his proclivity for absurd   and off-key thinking and got deserved flaks from Lagosians for his unfeeling remarks. While thanking Governor  Babajide Sanwo-olu for “not letting us down,” Tinubu pilloried his predecessor, Akinwumi Ambode, the visioner who   envisioned the flyover project he had come to celebrate. If Ambode had not dreamt that dream, many wondered what  the celebrant-in-chief would have had to celebrate. It is typical Tinubu to always sing at the feet of  the deity that  recently feeds his esophagus. Having said the above however, the Buhari government would be making its own most fatal mistake if it thinks that it  ould demonise, criminalise and liquidate Tinubu by stealth due to his rumoured attempt to run for the presidency. Or for  any politically motivated reason whatsoever, clothed with an apparel of running foul of the law. At a moment like  his  when Nigeria has become this divisive, so much that any small tinder could make it explode, singling Tinubu out from  the crowd of those pillaging Nigeria, among whom are multiple of northern rogues who have continually profited  from the laxity of our system, will make a hero out of him and quicken the final explosion of Nigeria. Historically, Yoruba always stand behind the weak, at the expense of the strong. The famous Yoruba folklore of Tortoise and his In-law explains the attitude of the people to  masters of the brawn that Buhari is trying to fashion himself from.  Tortoise’s In-law had committed an infraction against him and as recompense, he had his hands and legs tied and, to put  him to proper shame, had him tied to a tree where farmers going to their farms could see him early in  the morning. As  they saw him and asked Tortoise what his In-law’s err was and he told them, they were livid against Tortoise’s In-law.  However, upon their return in the evening and still seeing the In-law in the same state, their anger turned against  Tortoise. They prefixed their about-turn anger at him on what the wily animal would have done to the malefactor if he  was not his in-law. This is represented in the Yoruba phrase, ototo yi, ana ijapa! When they are at the crossroads, the  type that the Buhari government wants to place southwest, with his harangue of Tinubu, Yoruba also remember that   Janus-faced wise-saying that Omo eni o ni se’di bebere ka fi ileke si’di omo elomin, translated to  mean, parents will  always be on the side of their child, no matter their imperfection. Yoruba did same for MKO Abiola who in the Second Republic, because of the promise to make him president in  1983,  turned full circle against his people and used his Concord newspaper as a weapon to demonise Chief Obafemi  Awolowo.  It was the same stance they took when General Sani Abacha sentenced General Olusegun Obasanjo to death over what later panned out as a phantom coup. Even Wole Soyinka, in spite of his highly-burnished dislike for the Owu-born General, and many Yoruba human rights activists, fought stridently to wean Obasanjo off the Kano  General’s maniacal grips. Both the Buhari government and  Tinubu himself should accept that they are both Frankenstein monsters to each other. They are both each other’s 2015  mutually destructive inventions. I hope the self-styled Mai Gaskiya is listening. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com