Former Commissioner of Education and Deputy Governor, in Osun State, Chief Titi Laoye-Ponnle has attributed Nigerian university education deterioration challenges to the dearth of fund for research and innovation development in the university system, as she accused the Federal Government of negligence. She made this remark at Bowen University, Iwo, while she delivered the 15th commencement lecture of the institution held, on Friday. According to her, the underfunding of the universities has led to series of attendant challenges auguring that if Nigerian universities were funded as their counterparts in other developing countries, most of the challenges Nigerians are facing would have been abated. Her word: “As we speak, we have about 120 universities in Nigeria and most of which are underfunded and ill-equipped for tertiary education. What have we gained from the proliferation of universities where the essence of setting up universities has been thrown to the winds, universities where research and innovation are jettisoned. Universities are not secondary schools that should be sited in all the cities. Most of the universities we have in Nigeria lack the basic tools of teaching and research. “The lecturers are continually on strike while students are left untutored for several months. “Nigeria will gain more if the fund can be injected into academic research works in the universities in both private and public institutions across the country.” In her lecture, she lamented the prevalence of cultism in Nigerian universities and called for a policy framework that could checkmate the various activities of students cultists in our various universities in the country. According to her, cultism is becoming an albatross in the training of our youths, as it threatens our national foundation which she said called for a multi-faceted approach and all stakeholders’ involvement to address the menace. While she enjoined Bowen university new students to be focused on their studies, she advised them to be determined and never to lose hope, stressing that success is not without obstacles and challenges. “Endure hardship as good soldiers,” she said. The Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor, Joshua Ogunwole, in his speech reiterated the commitment of the institution to produce Godly scholars that will make a positive impact on the nation-building process. He said that the COVID-19 incidence in Nigeria has helped the university to discover its potential in teaching, research and community service. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigerian varsities deteriorate for dearth of research, innovation, fund We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Nigerian varsities deteriorate for dearth of research, innovation, fund SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!