THE National Industrial Court (NIC)  has stopped the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) from collecting fees, dues, or any payments from truckers engaged by clearing and forwarding agencies because they are members of Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN). The Court, sitting in Port Harcourt, has ruled that the MWUN is the sole union to unionise and collect fees, dues, tolls or any payments whatsoever from all workers or persons engaged by clearing and forwarding agencies for the purpose of haulage of containerised goods. The ruling followed a suit instituted by MWUN against the NURTW, seeking among others, “a perpetual injunction restraining  NURTW either by itself, agents, privies, officers, staff, workers or whosoever and by whatsoever name so called acting or purporting to act on its behalf from demanding fees, dues, tolls or any payments whatsoever from the claimant’s members, whether of its haulage unit or otherwise, or in any manner whatsoever coercing or doing any act consistent with compelling the members of the claimant aforesaid to pay any dues to the defendant.” In a judgement delivered by Justice Z. M Bashire in the suit NICN/PHC/12/2015, the court granted all the prayers of the claimant (MWUN) against the defendant (NURTW), on union membership and the payment of levies or union dues. The judgement said: “The court makes a declaration that the claimant’s members whether of its haulage unit or otherwise, not being members of the defendant, are not within the control of the defendant’s trade union and thus not liable to pay union dues, fees, tolls, or any fee of whatsoever nature to the defendant or its members. “A declaration that the defendant cannot in law compel members of the claimant (whether of its haulage unit or otherwise ) to become members of the defendant. “An order of perpetual injunction restraining the defendant either by itself, agents, privies, officers, staff, workers or whosoever  and by whatsoever name so called acting or purporting to act on its behalf from demanding fees, dues, tolls or any payments whatsoever from the claimant’s members (whether of its haulage unit or otherwise), or in any manner whatsoever coercing or doing any act consistent with compelling the member of the claimant aforesaid to pay any dues to the defendant. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Nigeria records 360 new COVID-19 infections, total now 156,017 Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided