Limousine bus operators at the Murtala Muhammed Airport are at war with the management of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) over the decision to bring in new set of BRT buses to ply the same route with them. Speaking on behalf of the Airport Limousine Bus Operators, the Chairman, Tijani Jelili in an interview with journalists described as unfair the decision of FAAN to bring in other concessionaires after collecting N80,000 from each vehicle annually. Though assured that his members Jelili will continue to maintain peace around the airport, but challenged FAAN to explain the genesis of the new buses on the airport road, adding that they were not informed about the introduction of the new buses on the airport routes. Jelili who lamented that FAAN did not inform them of the plan to bring in new BRT buses, complained the decision will make it difficult for the drivers to meet up after paying N80 000 each to FAAN following the coming of the BRT buses. He explained how his members went to micro finance houses to borrow money to maintain their vehicles saying the present development will make it almost impossible for the limousine operators to meet up with their financial obligations to the micro finance houses. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts…