The video-sharing platform YouTube has close to 2 billion users all over the world. It is the social network with the second-highest number of monthly users and the figure is steadily growing due to the increasing popularity of video content among netizens. The message is quite clear: it is time to take advantage of this binge-watching habit. Several brands have thus started their own YouTube channel in order to market their brands. But what strategy should you adopt to make full use of this dynamic platform? While you can travel the paid route and take the help of advertising to promote your YouTube channel that is not the only thing you can do. There is a lot of competition in the world of YouTube marketing, and you need to use multiple tactics if you wish to stand out. So here are a few strategies that will help you in promoting your channel. Presentation plays a huge part in YouTube marketing, and there is no better way to create a good first impression than by creating titles that will capture your audience’s attention. It must appear to the viewers that your content is something they must-see. In this regard, you should remember the following things: You can use question or list-based titles and use various superlatives to draw viewers to your content. You must keep in mind the SEO settings while posting a video on your channel. Sometimes people search for YouTube videos on Google and using relevant keywords allows your video to be displayed at a higher rank. In order to find a keyword for your video, you can do the following: After you have added all the details to your profile, you need to pay attention to how your channel looks. This is vital because your YouTube channel is a visual representation of your organization. You can set yourself apart from your competitors by adding a personal touch to your channel. You can modify things like thumbnails, watermarks, channel banner, etc. One of the best things you can do in order to promote your YouTube channel is to share it with individuals who are already familiar with you. Their familiarity with your brand increases the probability of them sharing your videos with other people. YouTube ranks those videos higher that have a greater number of views. Audience interactions like comments and likes also make your videos appear higher up in the search results. Thumbnails are small snapshots of your video that your users can see, and it is important that you focus on this aspect in order to promote your content across other platforms. Viewers will be able to see your video thumbnail on your homepage, when they share your video, and also on the search results page. These days, you can even create your own custom thumbnail. While creating your thumbnails, you should keep the following things in mind: Netizens love contests, and hosting one on YouTube can help you promote your channel and get some additional subscribers. You can center the contest around your videos, and ask viewers to like your content or subscribe to your channel for a chance to win some exciting gifts. You can create an attractive template for these contests and host a few of them every year in order to promote your channel to a wider audience. Promoting your YouTube channel does not necessarily mean having to spend a huge sum of money. Start with making your channel SEO friendly and try to target the right audience. You can also integrate your channel with your other social media handles for greater reach.