Stories by Chima Nwokoji | Lagos  THERE are expectations among some fund managers that Nigeria’s relative underperformance in remittance inflow will recover as the economies of the Group of seven industrialized nations (G7) rebound. The most recent Quarterly Statistical Bulletin of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) shows that net current transfers in the balance of payments (BoP) slumped by -27.1 per cent when compared year on year (y/y) to $4.35 billion in the third quarter (Q3) of 2020 yet rose by 11.6 per cent quarter on quarter (q/q). For net workers’ remittances, which account for close to 90 per cent of net transfers, fund managers at FBNQuest Limited said the changes were -33.0per cent y/y and 14.8per cent  q/q. Total foreign remittances into the country rose to $23 billion in 2019 one of the highest on record, helping boost and investments in Nigeria. Poor countries like Nigeria rely heavily on these inflows to soften the low income paid to citizens while also funding millions of families from education to healthcare. In the early days of the Covid-19 virus, the World Bank foresaw a fall in remittances to EM and frontier states of about 20 per cent annually. “Looking ahead, we would expect a recovery in remittances as the G7 economies rebound. The IMF’s World Economic Outlook from January has growth in the UK, the US and Canada at 4.5 per cent, 5.1p er cent and 3.6 per cent, respectively, this year,” FBNQuest research team stated in a note to investors. On the reasons for the decline in remittances, the research team stated that it could be that the Nigerian diaspora has a particularly large presence in those economies that have taken the largest hits from the virus (the Eurozone and the UK). Also, the exchange-rate regime (ie the sense that the recipient was not getting full value’ in naira) may have been another factor. According to analysts, the outturn has clearly been worse than the World Bank anticipated in Nigeria. In Kenya, however, the figure for January-October 2020 was about 9 per cent ahead of the year-earlier period. In Pakistan and, most of all, Bangladesh, where the central bank pays out a small bonus on conversion into local currency, remittances have shown robust growth the FBNQuest said. For Nigeria, the q/q improvement is probably due to the fact that the low point in the Covid cycle for those G7 economies where the Nigerian diaspora is concentrated was the previous (second) quarter of 2020. According to the local media, the CBN governor told a virtual conference on February 26, that its regulatory changes, notably the new option for beneficiaries to take their incoming payments from licensed international money transfer operators in foreign exchange (fx), have given a boost to remittances. The changes were announced in early December. Available records show that Net transfers were again substantially higher than net inflows of foreign portfolio investment ($1.67 billion), compared with those of foreign direct investment ($470m). This y/y decline in transfers, taken in conjunction with the resilience of merchandise imports according to FBNQuest, more than compensates for the much-reduced outflow on services. This helps to explain why Nigeria’s current account has not returned to surplus, which would have been the first since Q2 ‘18. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com