Debt Management Office (DMO) said it was listing its third Sovereign Sukuk “₦162.557 7-year 11.200% AL IJARAH sovereign Sukuk due 2027” on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) and the FMDQ Securities Exchange. The Sukuk which at the time of issuance was massively subscribed to the tune of N669.124 Billion or 446%, was issued to finance 44 economic road projects across the six (6)-geopolitical zones. “With the listing, investors who are already holding the SUKUK can trade them while new investors have an opportunity to buy the SUKUK in the secondary market. “The DMO started the issuance of Sovereign Sukuk in September 2017 as one of the measures towards attaining its strategic objective of bridging the infrastructure gap in Nigeria to promote job creation and economic growth. “Following the successful issuance of the N100 Billion debut Sukuk in 2017, the DMO issued another N100 Billion Sukuk in 2018. The proceeds of the two (2) Sukuks were deployed to the rehabilitation and reconstruction of road projects across Nigeria. “Through the Sovereign Sukuk initiative, the DMO has raised a total sum of N362.57 Billion in less than three years for the rehabilitation and construction of major economic roads across the country. “In addition, by issuing Sovereign Sukuk, the product range available to investors in the domestic financial market has increased, while, several retail investors have been attracted to the financial markets.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng