Many residents of Ebonyi State were killed while many others sustained various degrees of injuries on Monday night when suspected herdsmen invaded three communities in Íshíelu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. The suspected herdsmen who attacked Egedege, Obegu and Amazu communities also looted some properties in the area. A resident of the community who craved anonymity told Tribune Online that 18 persons were killed by the attackers including a priest of the Methodist Church whose car was burnt to ashes. “We are mourning, we are in serious mourning since the late hours of Monday. Herdsmen invaded our communities and massacred our people. As we speak, 18 persons were slaughtered like animals. They macheted many of our people, burnt vehicles, motorcycles and looted our properties,” the resident told our correspondent. However, Tribune Online correspondent sighted fourteen corpses during a visit to the communities. Tribune Online reports that Chairman of Ishielu Local Government Area, Hon. Sunday Eze and the Commissioner for Business Development in the state, Dr Stephen Odo, who hails from the local government, led a team of security agents to the communities on Tuesday to condoled with the families of those killed in the invasion. They assured that government would take proactive measures to investigate the invasion. When contacted, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PRO), DSP Loveth Odah, confirmed the death of six persons. “The Commissioner of Police delegated a team of policemen for on-the-spot assessment because of peace talks going on in the town. So, the Commissioner of Police delegated them; Deputy Commissioner of Police Operations and others went for an on-the-spot assessment to enable us to get the detail of the report. So, they are yet to come back. “We are still waiting for our men to come back to tell us their findings. I am already preparing a press release on the incident but their report will assist us in giving you detailed information about it,” Odah said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.