Russia remains the “most acute direct threat” to Britain, according to a government report released on Tuesday which outlines London’s Post-Brexit security policy, including an increase in the nuclear stockpile. In Boris Johnson’s “Integrated Review,” Britain’s biggest foreign and defence policy review since the end of the Cold War, the prime minister vowed Britain would remain a part of NATO and work with “allies and partners,” to address challenges of security in the “physical world” and online. “The UK respects the people, culture and history of Russia,” the document states. “However, until relations with its government improve, we will actively deter and defend against the full spectrum of threats emanating from Russia. “We will continue to exceed the NATO guideline of spending 2 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) on defence, and to declare our nuclear and offensive cyber capabilities to Allies’ defence,” Johnson added. The strategy also outlines a plan to expand Britain’s nuclear stockpile in an effort to protect homeland security, increasing the cap on nuclear warheads from 180 to 260. Britain will also try to expand its influence within countries in the Indo-Pacific region due to China’s global dominance, which has “major implications” for British values and interests, the report states. The document reads, “China and the UK both benefit from bilateral trade and investment, but China also presents the biggest state-based threat to the UK’s economic security.” In recent years, Britain has clashed with China over a new security law in Hong Kong and its treatment of the Uighur Muslims, a minority who live in Xinjiang province in China’s far west. Britain’s relationship with Russia has soured in recent years after certain incidents, such as the poisoning of double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia on British soil in March 2018. The pair nearly died after coming into contact with a poison, called Novichok, allegedly placed at their home in the town of Salisbury, according to British authorities. Britain also accused Russia of interfering in the 2015 British general election after a cyberattack hit lawmakers in parliament in the election’s run-up. (DPA/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Russia biggest threat to British | Russia biggest threat to British Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng