TRADITIONAL rulers, under the aegis of Ibadan Obas’ Council, have told the Seriki Shasha, Alhaji Maiyasin Katsina, to be guided by the fact that irrespective of the honour accorded him, he is under the chieftaincy stool of the Baale of Shasha, Chief Amusa Ajani. The traditional rulers made this known during a peace meeting on the Shasha crisis, convened by the Otun Olubadan of Ibadanland and the Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Lekan Balogun and High Chief Owolabi Olakulehin. At the meeting, held at the Olubadan’s palace at Oja’ba, on Thursday, the conveners told Maiyasin Katsina, who is also chairman of Arewa communities in 17 southern states, not to take the honour to mean that he is the supreme ruler of the Shasha community. The traditional rulers admonished residents of Shasha to remain patient, and wait on the government to implement its plans to rebuild the market. Earlier, the public relations officer of the Yoruba trading community in the market, Adam Fijabi, had decried that some of the traders relocated away from Shasha to do trading in other sites within the same Akinyele Local Government Area. Fijabi urged the state government to rebuild the market and compensate all victims. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com