United States President Joe Biden has again given another senior appointment to a Nigerian, Mrs. Adesuwa Ogiamien-Adesotoye in his administration. Mrs. Ogiamien-Adesotoye, a scion of the popular Ogiamien Family of Benin took the oath of office in Washington, DC on Monday, March 1 as the director, Office of Global Health Resources and Services Administration in the Department of Health and Human Services. The appointment of Mrs. Ogiamien-Adesotoye comes on the heels of the selection of a fellow Edo lady, Miss Osaremen Okolo who was appointed as Covid-19 Policy Advisor by President Biden. Prior to her appointment, Mrs. Ogiamien-Adesotoye who holds a doctorate degree in Health Information System from the University of California, Los Angeles worked in the Foreign Service in Tanzania with the State Department. Elated, the father, Prof. Tony Ogiamien, the President of the American Heritage University of Southern California said that the choice of his daughter goes to show the recognition and acceptance of the positive roles Nigerians have contributed to the development of America. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Biden appoints another Nigerian  Biden appoints another Nigerian 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Biden appoints another Nigerian  Biden appoints another Nigerian NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided