NO Nigerian has developed any known severe side effect since the rollout of AstraZeneca vaccine being administered in the country against the COVID-19. Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of the National Primary Health Care Agency, Dr Faisal Shuaib, stated this on Monday, during the media briefing of the Presidential Task Force of COVID-19 in Abuja. He also said that 122,410 persons have so far been vaccinated in the country with the vaccine. However, he said, efforts are ongoing to monitor the administration of the vaccine and to document any adverse reactions, while assuring that the exercise would be transparent to assure Nigerians of government’s honesty and safety of the vaccine. “No Nigerian so far has developed any known severe side effects following vaccination with the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine. What we have observed among some vaccines are mild side effects such as pain and swelling at the site of the vaccination, body pains and mild fever.” The primary healthcare agency boss informed that as of Monday, full implementation of the COVID-19 vaccination of the eligible population has commenced in over 33 states and the FCT while four states (Kogi, Kebbi, Zamfara and Oyo States) are yet to commence implementation. The PTF chairman and Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha, confirmed that task force has received 300,000 doses of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccines from MTN Nigeria. He said though the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 had reduced, necessary precautions must be taken to avoid a third wave.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… 