The Edo State Government on Monday announced that it would be deploying 689 athletes and 236 officials for the 20th National Sports Festival, NSF, tagged, Edo 2020, which it also boasted to host and win. Making the announcement while addressing journalists in the Government House, Benin City, the Chairman of the Local Organising Committee, LOC, and Deputy Governor of the state, Comrade Philip Shaibu, said that despite the reduction in the razzmatazz of the festival due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the state would organise a befitting festival with the state of the art facilities it had provided, including the pitch at the Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium, which he said the Nigerian Olympic team would use to prepare for the coming Tokyo Olympic games. “I can assure you that Edo state is prepared, our track is of the latest technology, it is the same track athletes will be using in Tokyo that is why Nigerian athletes will be using the facilities to prepare for Tokyo Olympic games”, Shaibu boasted. “Though the opening and closing ceremony will not be as planned, I can assure you that the competition will be one of the best organised. Our athletes have been involved in a series of training and games to keep them fit and I can assure you that we are not only hosting, but we are hosting to win the competition”. Shaibu, who also revealed that spectators hoping to watch live games would not have the opportunity to do so as a measure to prevent the spread of COVID-19 during the games, however, added that other channels where the games could be watched live by spectators had been put in place. “TV stations will be beaming the games live while social media channels among others will also be live streaming the games”. The deputy governor, therefore, appealed to the Federal Government for a quick release of funds to enable the State to host the festival. Also speaking, the Project Manager of the competition, Mrs Anehita Emeya, said a total of 925 athletes and officials would represent Edo at the Festival. “Team Edo have never stopped training even with the postponements, we have been training. What we will be doing now is harmonisation. We are ready to host and win”, she submitted.