Gunmen on Thursday reportedly killed four soldiers and three policemen in different locations in Anambra State. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the killing took place barely 48 hours after suspected Fulani herdsmen allegedly kidnapped the President-General of Omor and a legal practitioner in the Ayamelum Local Government Area of the state. It was gathered that kidnappers are demanding N50m ransom. The hoodlums reportedly killed three policemen at Neni junction, in the Anaocha Local Government Area of the state, while their security vehicle was burnt while four Naval men were reportedly killed at Awkuzu, in the Oyi Local Government Area of the state. A source who pleaded anonymity said that the gunmen rampaged Awkuzu Junction and killed the Naval officers on duty and carted away their firearms. According to report, the four naval officers were on duty at the junction when the hoodlums attacked them around 2 pm Thursday. A source who did not want to be quoted said: “Please seek an alternative route if you plan to go towards that axis. Please let’s be safe first then ask questions later. “Similar thing happened a moment ago at Neni junction, just before Oraukwu. An eyewitness has narrated the experience to me. Police officers were killed and their weapons were taken from them. Their vehicle set ablaze.” The Police Public Relations Officer (PRO) in Anambra State, DSP Tochukwu Ikenganyia, who assumed work on Wednesday, confirming the incident said that he has not gotten detail of what happened. He said: “I’m making contacts to get details before I will issue a statement on the matter before long.” A senior police officer in the command who pleaded anonymity said “the two incidents happened but I cannot ascertain the number of casualties as at the moment.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. | Gunmen kill four soldiers | Gunmen kill four soldiers | Gunmen kill four soldiers Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng