Kano State in the early hours of Wednesday took delivery of the first consignment of 209,520 doses of COVID-19 vaccines. This is just as the Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, on Wednesday said that that the state government has adopted a three-point agenda namely, curative, preventive and palliative to fight the COVID-19 pandemic. Making the assertion at Government House Ganduje disclosed that the State Government has exhausted the preventive aspect, adding that it has embarked on the second stage: the preventive aspect, that is the vaccination measure, which would commence within the next few days. His words: ”Prevention is better than cure. With this immunisation, we need to sensitise the various segments of our society, so as people abide by COVID-19 protocols, we would also want them to accept to embrace this vaccination.” The governor noted that ”Once we succeed in this vaccination, I think we would say goodbye to COVID-19, like we said goodbye to poliomyelitis and to many other diseases that resurrected from the surface of the world.” The vaccines arrived aboard a cargo plane, Allied Air E-cargo, 5NTON, at the Mallam Aminu Kano Airport and were received on behalf of the Kano governor by the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa. While receiving the vaccines, Dr Tsanyawa explained that the first phase of the vaccines would be administered on frontline healthcare workers. According to Tsanyawa, Governor Ganduje has accepted to be administered the vaccine, and would soon receive his jab. He adding that at the initial stage, vaccination would be focused on people with underlying medical cases. Thereafter, it would be extended to other targeted population. Similarly, the commissioner explained that the State Action Committee on COVID-19 would meet soon to determine the modalities, and when the vaccination would be flagged off.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com