UNITED Bank for Africa (UBA), Plc says it is set to change the face of digital banking services with its new mobile banking app aimed at delivering first-rate services to customers. The new UBA mobile banking application (app), has been armed with benefits and features designed to give its customers increased control and accessibility to carry out transactions with ease. UBA’s Group Head, Digital Banking, Kayode Ishola, who spoke about the new banking app to members of the press during an international virtual media parley last week explained that apart from being able to decide where they want their cards to operate and block, view, or request new cards straight from the app to suit their specific needs, the app has been tailor-made to give customers what they want, how and in the way they want it. Reeling off some of the features and benefits of the app, he said a lot of investment in cutting edge technology and attention to details was put into the new UBA mobile app. Ishola said, “The new UBA mobile app is your personal finance manager built with a distinctive user interface that will change the face of banking. With this app, we are reimagining banking as our engagement has moved from being channel-based to being platform-based. The speed of the platform has been made to match the speed of light as we have cut down significantly on the number of processes expected to carry out your transactions. “Interestingly, we have worked towards creating behavioural insight for our customers and working around this to address the real needs of our customers using the omnichannel platform and running on our open digital platform, which is very interactive and armed with lifestyle services. It is sleek and trendy with a seamless user interface” Ishola stated. UBA’s Head, SME Banking, Sampson Aneke, said that apart from the fact that the app has been created with the journey that has a high level of intelligence – as it can work based on frequent transactions – it can also speak to the specific country where it is being used as the new mobile app runs concurrently in the 20 countries of UBA’s operation, interacting in different languages and cultures in line with the specific needs and regulation of the country in focus. “This all-encompassing platform which boasts of a new user interface because of its sleek, modern nature of delivering a seamless experience across several devices can be used as a budgeting tool, loan application and also allows customers view their expenses according to their various categories such as the amount spent on data within a particular period,” Aneke added. On the security features of the app, UBA’s Group Chief Information Officer, Onyebuchi Akosa, said the security of the app is best in class, adding that the new platform, which will revolutionise the way banking services are offered, promises to deliver increased personalized banking via a watertight and highly-effective security system. “The new app has also been built with the best-in-purchase security features and has been modelled appropriately to ensure that all the features are working properly to secure transactions maximally. It is also important to mention that the bank took into consideration the virtually impaired, and thus has used voice recognition as a channel for transaction which suits both convenience and the visually impaired customers,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng