A truck laden with beverages has crushed a woman identified simply as Josephine and a tricycle operator to death in Delta. The truck belonging to a popular brewing company crushed its victims at the popular Jakpa Junction in the Uvwie Local Government Area of the state. The tragedy occurred on Monday evening after the trailer reportedly veered off the junction to a pavement where some market women had displayed their wares, crushing two tricycles in the process. The woman, popularly known as Madam 2 o’clock, sources said, died on the spot, while the tricycle operator died later on Monday night. The accident also inflicted injuries on several other persons, particularly food vendors along the pavement. The driver of the truck, sensing danger, reportedly absconded after the accident. The two tricycles were crushed beyond repairs, while broken bottles and some quantity of garri littered the ground. The plate number on the truck, both in front and behind, were conspicuously missing. As of Tuesday morning, sympathisers who besieged the scene blamed the traders for displaying their wares too close to the ever-busy junction and along the Effurun Market axis of PTI Road. Chairman of Uvwie LGA, Ramson Onoyake, reportedly averted further tragedy by ensuring angry youths did not set the truck ablaze. Meanwhile, when contacted, the acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, said only one person died and also debunked the claim the truck driver bolted away. He, however, did not give details of the truck driver’s whereabouts. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers.  UNIBEN graduates first set forensic  ;  UNIBEN graduates first set forensic  ;  UNIBEN graduates first set forensic nside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers.  tricyclist crushed to death Delta  ;  tricyclist crushed to death Delta  ;  tricyclist crushed to death Delta  ;  tricyclist crushed to death Delta SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.