President Muhammadu Buhari has called on the international community to further collaborate on tackling some of the major threats across the globe, which include terrorism, insurgency, displacement of persons, and climate change, reiterating that the growing challenges pose a real threat to human existence. Speaking Thursday at a ceremony for receiving Letters of Credence at the presidential villa, Abuja, he urged diplomats to work towards building stronger relations, with a focus on providing joint solutions to rising human and natural challenges. The President received letters of credence from High Commissioner of The Gambia, Mr Mohamadou Musa-Njie, Ambassador of South Korea, Mr Kim Young-Chae, Ambassador of Slovak, Mr Tomas Felix, High Commissioner of Australia, Mr John Gerard Donnelly, High Commissioner of Bangladesh, Mr Md. Masudur Rahman and Ambassador of Guinea Bissau, Dr Jaao Ribeiro Butiam Co. A statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) quoted Buhari saying, “I would like to lay emphasis on the need for us to come together to address and overcome our common challenges. Terrorism, Insurgency, Displacement of Persons, Climate Change, Population Explosion, Human Trafficking, Corruption, Poverty, and Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons are all either the sources of conflict or results of it. “These challenges though on a diverse scale, threaten the existence of humanity and human relations. These challenges underscore the need for the international community to work together to collectively identify appropriate measures to globally overcome these challenges.” President Buhari told the envoys that the novel coronavirus pandemic remains humanity’s greatest threat, as it does not only affect public health but also has a devastating effect on people’s economy and livelihood. “Although countries around the world have commenced the vaccine rollout against the pandemic, mitigating the spread of the virus and the impact of its infection, remains a cause for concern,’’ the President noted. President Buhari assured the new Ambassadors that Nigeria enjoys very good bilateral relations with each of their countries, and there was the need to enhance the cordial relations for the joint benefit of citizens. “In addition to the fraternal relations between us, the one thing Nigeria has in common with your countries is peace. Peace is priceless, desirable and crucial to sustainable development and achieving the targets set by the UN global initiatives. “It is therefore imperative for us to work individually and bilaterally for sustainable peace. Achieving global peace is vital to attaining food security. Peace and food security should be pursued simultaneously,’’ he said. While welcoming the Ambassadors to Nigeria as they formally assume diplomatic responsibilities, the President urged them to build on the successes of their predecessors. “This age-long tradition and practice enshrined in the Vienna Convention on diplomatic relations mark the official commencement of your functions as principal representatives of your respective countries,’’ he added. Speaking on behalf of the diplomats, the High Commissioner of The Gambia thanked the President for the warm reception they had received since coming into the country. He added, “We will not spare efforts in putting in our best to improve relations between our countries.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Let’s tackle terrorism insurgency together  ;  Let’s tackle terrorism insurgency together  ;  Let’s tackle terrorism insurgency together