Academic activities came to a standstill on Wednesday at the Delta State Polytechnic Ogwashi-Uku (DSPG) following a protest by students of the institution The students were reported to be angry over the inclusion of N8,000 into their tuition by the management of the institution without prior notification. The rector of the institution Prof Stella Chiemeke and the management staff who reported for work in the morning hours could not gain access to the school premises as the students locked the gate. Efforts by the President of the Student Union, Comrade Thompson Ofunne to douse the tension created by the protesting students, did not yield result as they became more insistent on their demand for the N8,000 to be suspended. All efforts made by the Rector of the polytechnic, for comment proved abortive. However, the State Commissioner for Higher Education, Prof. Patrick Muoboghare, said the issues have been resolved and calm restored to the Polytechnic community. “It has been resolved and calmness has returned to the campus. No victor, no languish. It was gathered that the N8,000 additional fee was for a new course tagged, Microsoft Certification Programme which the management introduced for graduating Higher National Diploma II and Ordinary National Diploma II students. The Student Union Government was allegedly not carried along by the management while introducing the new additional fees as the majority of the students said they would have preferred to enter the course in their private capacity when they must have graduated rather than being compelled to pay the amount. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Academic activities grounded  Academic activities grounded Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Academic activities grounded Academic activities grounded