Men of the Ondo State Police Command have arrested an 18-year-old boy, Samuel Omisakin in Akure, Ondo State capital, for allegedly hacking into a bank account using stolen SIMs cards. Omisakin who was arrested after siphoning N44,000 from an account after receiving 18 SIM cards from suspected armed robbers, however, said he was only able to withdraw from just one of the accounts. The teenager who claimed to be an OND graduate of Mass Communication from Ibadan Polytechnic said he could not further his education due to financial challenges and had to take to such activity in order to make ends meet. He said: “My mother had stroke and my father no longer takes care of me and I started with Yahoo and I did it regularly. I studied computer operations and engineering where I learnt about hacking and learnt how to use applications to run victims’ SIM cards and use them to buy recharge cards or withdraw cash through POS. “I collected 18 SIMs from the armed robbers but many of them were not useful while some were useful. The one that brought me here was the one I collected N44,000 from. I took N4,000 cash and used the rest to buy goods and it was tracked to us. I regret this action and when I see my victims, I will beg them to forgive me.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!