Tragedy struck in Cross River State in the early hours of Wednesday as gunmen killed six policemen and a soldier at two checkpoints located at Ofatura and Onyadama communities in Obubra Local Government Area of the state. The gunmen equally made away with the arms of the slain security personnel, raising security concerns in the state, where barely a week ago, four other policemen were equally killed in the same manner. Tribune Online gathered that among the dead police officers at Onyadama was one Inspector Best Okereke, a native of Imabana community in neighbouring Abi Local Government Area. The soldier victim, it was further gathered, was shot in the hand at another checkpoint and died hours later. The killings of the six security men occurred barely a week after four policemen were killed at Idundu axis of Calabar, the state capital. An eyewitness told reporters that the gunmen, driving a Toyota Sienna, opened fire at the policemen who were on at Onyadama and killed four of them on the spot. The same gang was said to have driven down to Ofatura, where some other armed personnel mounted a checkpoint, shooting sporadically and killed two policemen, while others took to their heels. Cross River State Police Command Public Relations Officer, Irene Ugbo, who confirmed the incidents, said that the command was trying to ascertain what really happened and promised to get back to newsmen. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided