Vice President ‘Yemi Osinbajo has expressed satisfaction over the existing working relations between the 9th Assembly and President Muhammadu Buhari-led Executive in the bid to deliver good governance and national development. Osinbajo gave the commendation at a legislators’ evening of honour with the theme: “The role of Legislative Aides in nation-building”, organized by the South-West caucus of the National Assembly Legislative Forum (NASSLAF). “We acknowledge the fact that we nurture this relationship and it can only add to the development of Nigeria. Furthermore, the relationship between the executive and legislature in particular dispensation has shown that governance is all about maturity and that the executive is willing to work with the legislature to ensure good governance in Nigeria,” he said. The vice president who was represented by his Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters, Senator Babajide Omoworare, said there is no way the legislature can be vibrant without a well-oiled legislative crew that will assist in research and carrying out the functions of the legislators. He, therefore, called on the legislators and the legislative aides to ensure that there is synergy between them with a view to ensuring good governance in Nigeria. While delivering his keynote address, Senator Omoworare, affirmed that the strength of the principal of a legislative aide is actually based on the capacity of those who work for him or her. “If you don’t ensure that those who work for you as legislative aides have the capacity and are empowered, your output would be poor,” he said. He also called for better working relations between the legislative aides and their principals as well as advocated for better working conditions for them. On his part, Chairman of the occasion, Senator Robert Ajayi Boroffice said the Legislature was struggling with a negative perception as many Nigerians do not understand the roles and workings of the National Assembly. He lauded the forum for efforts to let the public know the importance of the legislature in democracy, saying it is very important the legislative aides continue to project the good image of the National Assembly. He said NASSLAFF has done very well from inception, having evolved into a very formidable organization. Senator Boroffice, who also stressed the importance of legislative aides to their principals, assured that the leadership of the National Assembly would continue to stand by them. Clerk of National Assembly, Arc. Ojo Amos urged the forum on the need to engage in more capacity building programmes to always develop their skills in the overall interest of parliamentary representative democracy in Nigeria. Arc. Ojo who was represented by Mr. Austin Adesoro, the Clerk described the legislative aides as the real grease that oils the engine of ideas of their principals within the National Assembly. Hence he tasked the legislative aides to always strive to catch up with global best practices in your service delivery. National President NASSLAFF, Alhaji Salisu Zuru urged their principal officers and the leadership of the National Assembly to continue to make themselves accessible to resolve any issues they may have at any time. Chairman of the South-West caucus of NASSLAF, Mr. Abiodun Akpantaku assured they will continue to work hard to improve themselves and contribute meaningfully to the development of the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!