Gunmen on Tuesday killed a Catholic priest, Rev. Fr. Fanem Nguban and three parishioners in Agu Centre, Mbatyula/Mberev council ward in Katsina-Ala local government area of Benue State. The incident, according to natives, happened around 7:00 am when the church was rounding off its morning mass. Several houses were said to have been set ablaze during the attack. One of the natives who spoke to our correspondent said the gunmen stormed the village around 7:00 am and demanded to see the parish priest. “We directed them to go inside but within split seconds we heard gunshots and everyone scampered for safety. By the time we came back, the Rev. Fr. and others were found dead,” one of the residents said. The gunmen were also reported to have set some houses ablaze in the community. Katsina-Ala local government Chairman, Alfred Atera identified those killed alongside the priest as Mfave Tumachihi, Mbangohor Tsebo and Orlukaa Ulu. According to Atera, “on 30th March 2021 at about 7-8 am unknown gunmen came and burnt a village called Agu Centre in Mbatyula/Mberev Council Ward in Katsina-Ala and killed Rev. Fr. Moses Ngugban and three others by name: Mfave Tumachihi, Mbangohor Tsebo and Orlukaa Ulu.” The State Police Command confirmed the attack on St. Paul’s Catholic Church Kastina-Ala LGA. The command spokesperson, DSP Catherine Anene, in a text message sent to our correspondent, said “Rv. Fr. Nguban Fanen and three others lost their lives during the attack. Corpses have been deposited at General Hospital Katsina-Ala while a joint operation of police and other security agencies are on the trail of the hoodlums.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.