Anambra State Government has organised a one day sensitization workshop on Public Finance Management Law, 2020, to ensure transparency, accountability and sound management of revenue, expenditure, assets and liabilities of the State government and other public institutions. Tribune Online gathered that the workshop which took place in Awka, on Saturday, was organized by the State Ministry of Finance, in collaboration with State and Local Governance Reform Project, aimed at eliminating waste and corruption in the use of public resources and ensuring regulated public financial management system in the State. While declaring the workshop open, the Permanent Secretary, Anambra state Ministry of Finance, Mrs Ebele Okonkwo said the programme was for the key staff of public financial management institutions and  centered on the new public finance law 2020 to ensure transparency and accountability in all government businesses, as well as compliance to the legislation and regulations governing the funding and administration of government activities. ALSO READ: 15 people kidnapped within 5 days in Gombe, says Ex-Reps member She commended the State Governor, Willie Obiano for  signing the bill into law, which made Anambra foremost State in the country to have the bill passed into law. In her address, the State Coordinator of State and Local Governance Reform Project, Mrs Ify Ezedebego noted that with the sensitisation workshop, people will be aware of the law, which is an instrument that will help the State on how to source and apply their finances in an orderly manner, adding that one can have a hard copy or access it through their website. A resource person at the workshop, Barrister Fabian Nwaigbo, who dealt on Public Finance Management of Anambra State, highlighted the importance of the law, especially Account Staff, noting that if it is adhered to, the revenues and resources of the State will solve current and future challenges. In their separate speeches, the State Chairman, Institute of Chartered Accountant of Nigeria, Mr Chukwuemeka Oriaku, who spoke through Mr Emmanuel Muodozie and Mr Sylvester Ezeanolue, extolled Governor Obiano for all his efforts in repositioning all sectors of the State economy, noting that they have been using an outdated financial regulation, which is obsolete, maintaining that with the new law, the State has domesticated what will be used to manage financial flows, disbursement and revenue collections. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!