The founder and General Overseer of Holy Trinity Authority Prophetic Church, Prophet James Omitade, has identified the absence of love as the reason why there is trouble all around the country, saying that our problems were an offshoot of the absence of God. He said in a statement that “The reason why there is trouble somewhere every time is that someone is absent. Name the trouble the way you like; separation, hatred, divorce, selfishness, murder, assault, theft, etc. “The person who is absent is God. 1John 4:7-8 says “beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God, and everyone who loves is born of God and knows God. He who does not love does not know God, for God is love.” According to him, “the absence of God was the absence of love which is the cause of all the troubles we are facing. The roads that are in states of disrepair, dry water pipes, incessant power outages and blackouts etc are the results of lack of love orchestrated indirectly through greed, covetousness, selfishness, embezzlement and others. “Shabby care of patients in the hospitals, extortion through endless medical and laboratory tests and lack of transparency in the administration of dosages are clear indications of lack of love. “In Nigeria, it is generally assumed that if you are not a Christian, automatically you are a Muslim. Both religions claim to know and love God but the conducts of their adherents leave much to desire; if we love God we will love a fellow human being. Our love is mainly conditional both to God and to a fellow human being. We always look forward to the blessings of the goodies of life for us to love God and fellow human being. We treasure them only to the extent of their usefulness to us. No wonder several couples have split apart over delay in conception and childbirth. The position of ‘for better, for worse’ vow at the wedding/marriage altar is automatically relegated. “We do the worse to our pastors and shepherds by giving them only hard bones to crack and hide the feast time from them. The worst, we give to God through our unstable conducts in times of trials and temptations. We believe God cannot see us even in our closets! “We run from one mountain to another, usually away from the presence of God as we throw all cautions to the wind. Love should be unconditional. How many of us have ever made such an unconditional covenant with God? We make it with occultists and the power of darkness at the risks of our lives and stand by them but we never do that with God.” Examine yourself. Take a deep thought, repent of your sins and turn a new leaf, know that love does not err. It neither becomes jealous of others nor envies them. It does not die because it outlives everyone. Why not reposition your life and pick up this master key of life? If all else fails try love. God himself has taken-over Nigeria. This will require new conduct and new ways of doing things. In hidden sins like in the past… “Politically, the level of insecurity in the country is alarming. God wants the church to prove its home in order for His hand to move mightily. Whether you like it or not God has purposed to rouse the next president after Muhammad Buhari with the spirit of Jehu to clear the Augean stable. This will place Nigeria in her rightful position to lead the world in a choice area of human endeavors in the twenty-first (21st) century. No mountain shall stand before this Zerubabbel (Jehu). “For your information the political jobbers who have devastated the green pastures of Nigeria like a swarm of locust will see the handwriting clearly on the wall that their game was up immediately a new government succeeds President Muhammadu Buhari. “Dangote needs to re-invent a market strategy that will have a positive effect on the Nigerian economy in one way or the other. A supra-national policy will emerge from the United States of America to ease the burden of loans from Asia from the economic shoulders of most African Nations. If he (Dangote) does not position himself with the re-invention, he may not succeed in the global scheme. He would have lost his form and funds to the time that is at hand,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!