Chief of Defence Staff, General Lucky Irabor has assured that the Nigeria Armed Forces is working assiduously to end all issues of insecurity facing Nigeria. Irabor gave this assurance when he led service chiefs on a courtesy call on Governor Seyi Makinde at Oyo Governor’s Office, Ibadan, on Thursday. Other service chiefs who accompanied Irabor on the visit included Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Zubairu Gambo; Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Oladayo Amao; outgoing General Officer Commanding, 2 Division, Major General Anthony Omozoje. Clinging onto President Muhammadu Buhari’s charge upon appointing them Service Chiefs, Irabor, in his remarks, assured of collaboration with other security agencies to address all issues of insecurity. While recognising the police as the first tier in internal security, Irabor assured of the constant intervention of the Armed Forces as the need arises. He said: “The leadership hierarchy of the Nigeria Armed Forces changed very recently and we considered it expedient to go round to see our troops, officers to familiarise ourselves with them and beyond that to equally bring the charge of Mr President to them having being charged to take all measures necessary to address the various security challenges across the country in partnership with other security agencies. “We have had specific interaction with our troops and we felt it necessary to let you know that we are working assiduously to address all issues that have to do with insecurity, of course, in partnership with other security agencies. “We know that the military stands ready to give support to the authority and see that cases of insecurity are addressed holistically. We know that the police remains the first tier of internal security and where the police need the intervention of the Army, we stand very ready to give support to the police.” Prior to storming the Oyo Governor’s Office, the service chiefs had earlier visit the 2 Division of the Nigerian Army to interact with and boost the morale of the Nigerian troops and officers. Oyo deputy governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan who received the service chiefs on behalf of Governor Makinde, demanded the Nigerian Armed Forces to deploy more troops to the Oke-Ogun area of the state. Makinde hinged this appeal on the existence of borders around Oke-Ogun making it vulnerable to security issues. He assured that the state will continue to provide logistics support for security agencies. Stressing that criminals should be tackled without ethnic/religious colourations, Makinde harped on the importance of synergy among security agencies to ensure the maintenance of law and order. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. |Service chiefs storm Ibadan | Service chiefs storm Ibadan |Service chiefs storm Ibadan | Service chiefs storm Ibadan | Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com