Barely 48 hours after the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) announced that it has restored power to Maiduguri and its environs, Boko Haram insurgents have again, bombed two towers along the Damaturu – Maiduguri 330kV Transmission Line. The incident which occurred at about 5.56 am on Saturday has again cut the power supply to Maiduguri and its environs. While confirming this in a statement issued by its Spokesperson, Mrs Ndidi Mbah, TCN said two other towers; T152 and T153 along the same line route of the other incident were vandalised. “TCN would continue to do all that it can to ensure power supply is restored to the affected areas,” the company assured. Boko Haram insurgents had on the 26th of January, 2021, vandalised three towers in Jakana area of Maiduguri leading to a power outage in the capital and environs.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!