Following plans by the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing to concession 12 federal highways to private entities to manage, built environment professionals have not stopped to laud the authority over the proposed initiative, saying it’s long overdue considering the infrastructure deficit in the country. Aside from pledging their support for government, they also offered useful suggestions on the best ways to achieve the initiative. The Federal Government is towing this route in a bid to ensure the regular maintenance of its road network across Nigeria. The arrangement would enable the private companies to introduce toll gates on the 12 highways and collect revenue which they would use and regularly maintain such roads. The 12 highways to be concessioned under the Ministry’s “Highway Management Development Initiative (HMDI), according to document from the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing, include  Benin-Asaba, Abuja-Lokoja, Kano-Katsina, Onitsha-Owerri, Shagamu-Benin and Abuja-Keffi-Akwanga. Others are Kano-Shuari, Potiskum-Damaturu, Lokoja-Benin, Enugu-Port Harcourt, Ilorin-Jebba, Lagos-Ota-Abeokuta and Lagos-Badagry-Seme Border. One of the experts who applauded the Federal Government’s initiative  on the whatsapp platform  of Festus Adebayo – led Housing Development Advocacy Network (HDAN), said he supported  the plan 100 per cent. Commenting further, the expert, who identified himself simple as Harmony said “They should add 12 lanes highway from Lagos to Calabar Coastal Road with toll gates.” However, he cautioned that government should not award the contract funding the project. According to him, government should allow investors to fund the projects, saying that was how the project should be done “instead of allocating money to the projects and the fund never gets to the right destinations.” Another expert, Dr Michael Kalu Mba, said it would do the country good by getting the private sector involved. By so doing, he is of the opinion that soon, forex would begin to flow in through foreign partners if government could sustain the policy. Managing Partner, Fonahanmi Idris & Associates, Mr Fonahanmi Idris, described the plan as “great initiative and development,” urging government to  avoid the business as usual  where  political buyers/jobber would take over “as we have in DisCos.” To make the initiative real and sustainable, he advised that foreigners/investors should have assurances of  a clear exit guidelines, warning that the rules, terms and conditions should not be politicised. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Nigeria records 360 new COVID-19 infections, total now 156,017 Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided