NIRSAL Microfinance Bank (NFMFB) has warned the general public about some individuals parading as its agents and staff thereby collecting illegal fees to process loans. In a statement on Monday, the bank, owned by Central Bank of Nigeria, Bankers Committee and NIPOST said its attention was drawn to unethical practices being perpetrated by individuals disguising as its staff or agents, demanding and receiving money from unsuspecting members of the public purportedly to secure COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility or the AGSMEIS Loan. The statement read: “The attention of the management of NIRSAL Microfinance Bank has been drawn to some unethical practices being perpetrated by individuals disguising as its staff or agents, demanding and receiving money from unsuspecting members of the public purportedly to secure COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility or the AGSMEIS Loan. “We also wish to inform the general public who may have been scammed by these unscrupulous people to lodge a complaint on our Whistleblowing portal by sending us an email on WHISTLEBLOWER AT (whistleblower@nmfb.com.ng).” It urged those who are in any doubt to contact 09010020656 or visit www.nmfb.com.ng unethical practices by individuals disguising as its staff or agents to hoodwink unsuspecting members of the public. In a statement issued Monday, the bank said its attention had been drawn to some unethical practices being perpetrated by individuals disguising as its staff or agents, demanding and receiving money from unsuspecting members of the public purportedly to secure COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility or the AGSMEIS Loan. ALSO READ: FG flags off national livestock breed improvement programme It, therefore, warned members of the public against falling prey to such people, adding that the COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility being disbursed by it on behalf of the CBN, is a loan and not a grant as beneficiaries must pay back with interest. The statement read: “The attention of the management of NIRSAL Microfinance Bank has been drawn to some unethical practices being perpetrated by individuals disguising as its staff or agents, demanding and receiving money from unsuspecting members of the public purportedly to secure COVID-19 Targeted Credit Facility or the AGSMEIS Loan. “We also wish to inform the general public who may have been scammed by these unscrupulous people to lodge a complaint on our Whistleblowing portal by sending us an email on WHISTLEBLOWER AT (whistleblower@nmfb.com.ng).” It urged those who are in any doubt to contact 09010020656 or visit www.nmfb.com.ng. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng