Commuters on the Benin -Ore Expressway on Wednesday had harrowing experiences as drivers of petroleum tankers and other articulated vehicles have blocked the highway at Ofosu end, in protest against the killing of two drivers by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Tuesday night. Ofosu, the boundary community between Edo and Ondo States, has been the hob of kidnapping and killing in recent times, especially after Tue herdsmen who refused to register their businesses as directed by the Ondo State Government were dumped at the border town by the personnel of the Western Nigeria Security Network, otherwise known as Amotekun. The killer herdsmen were said to have also made away with an undisclosed amount of money stolen from their victims after killing them. The protesting drivers, who blocked the busy highway at the military checkpoint, refused all pleas made to them by other motorists, to vacate the road. Tribune Online gathered that following the chaotic situation, the military personnel who amount security checkpoints at the area abandoned their posts. The drivers, it to as further gathered, were insisting that Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State must come to address them before they would open up the road for use. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Tanker drivers block Benin-Ore  Tanker drivers block Benin-Ore 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…Tanker drivers block Benin-Ore  Tanker drivers block Benin-Ore Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com