Three farm managers abducted by suspected kidnappers at Elega community via Pampo village, Ilorin, Kwara State on Monday, have been rescued by the state police command’s anti kidnapping operatives. In a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ajayi Okasanmi, on Friday, the kidnap victims; Julius Owoeye, Akeem Ajadi and Bola Adedoye, were rescued at about 11:30 p.m. on Thursday. The PPRO, who said that the rescue efforts supervised by the state Police Commissioner, Mohammed Bagega, “eventually forced the kidnappers to abandon the victims when they could not withstand the intense pressure placed on them, hence they fled for their lives. “Effort is still ongoing to arrest the fleeing suspects.” He also said that the victims are evidently traumatised but in stable frame of mind, adding that they had been attended to by the command’s police doctors. According to the statement: “The Kwara State Police Command wishes to inform the general public, especially the good people of Kwara State, that the three abducted persons: Julius Owoeye, Akeem Ajadi, Bola Adedoye, all workers of Bafford/Morola’s farms at Elega via Pampo Village, Ilorin, have been successfully rescued yesterday at 11:30 p.m. by operatives attached to the command, led by the Commissioner of Police, Mohammed Lawal Bagega. “The command was flabbergasted when the news of the abduction of the victims broke, despite the tight security arrangements in place throughout the state. “The news of the kidnap prompted the Commissioner of Police to give a marching order to the command’s anti kidnapping operatives which he personally supervised that eventually forced the kidnappers to abandon the victims when they could not withstand the intense pressure placed on them, hence they fled for their lives. “The victims are evidently traumatised but are in stable frame of mind as they have been attended to by the command’s police doctors. “The CP wishes to appreciate all stakeholders that collaborated with the command in making this rescue mission a success.”