Vice President Yemi Osibanjo has praised the founder of event management and consulting firm, Eventful Ltd, Mrs Yewande Zacchaeus, following the firm’s smooth change of guard and the launch of a book and a movie. Osinbajo commended Zacchaeus’ “trailblazing” role in the industry and described the coffee table book, ‘An Eventful Life’ as one which tells inspirational human stories. He made this known at an event themed “Evolution”, during which Eventful announced its management changes, held recently in Lagos. The firm announced Zacchaeus as its Chairman; Fisayo Beecroft, as its new Managing Director; Mrs Chioma Nwachukwu, its Finance Controller, joined the firm’s board while Vice Chairman of Chocolate City Group, Mr Audu Maikori, and Managing Director of DCSI, Mrs Bisi Adeyemi, were named Independent Directors respectively. A movie, ‘The Wait’ was also unveiled. In a goodwill message read on his behalf at the event, Osinbajo said: “An eventful life is not your usual coffee table book. It chronicles the history of a pioneering effort in events management as a business in Nigeria, the daily triumphs of Eventful, the company, the victories of vision and determination over fear and doubt. It is a coaching class in the nuances of running a small business in Nigeria and anywhere else.” Commending the author’s style, he noted that she “tells the most intriguing human stories. She captures so graphically the planning, the anticipation, the dread and suspense as the event approaches.” In his goodwill message, Governor Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State described Mrs Zacchaeus as “an audacious sister and amazon who has been courageous enough to raise the bar in the Events Management Industry.” A Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), Mr Gbenga Oyebode (SAN), who delivered the keynote speech remotely, commended Mrs Zaccheaus’ strategic succession planning while highlighting its benefits. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…