A joint team of police and army has arrested an alleged serial rapist and armed robber, just as a kidnapped vigilante member has been rescued from his abductors in Delta State. The rape suspect, Ovie Michael, age 35, who’s also a commercial motorcyclist, was, before his arrest, alleged to have engaged in picking young girls at night as his passengers, robbing and raping them at dagger-point. The suspect was arrested on March, 19 at about 9:00 P:M while nine handsets of different makers, an Iphone valued at N400,000, nine female hand bags, two pair of eye glasses, five phone chargers, two ATM cards and 13 sim cards were reportedly recovered from him. Meanwhile, security operatives on March19 also rescued a vigilante member, Monday Mila who was kidnapped by suspected herdsmen along his farm road in Umutu, Ukwuani Local Government Area of Delta State. Reports say the DPO, Umutu Division, CSP Patience Ugbe, after a tip-off on the kidnap, mobilized a combined team of police, vigilantes and some youths to rescue the victim. A sustained combing of the woods mounted pressure on the kidnappers who eventually fled and abandoned their victim for rescue. In another development, police operatives from A Division, Warri, on Sunday March 21 at about 4:20 P:M after discreet surveillance, stormed a black spot within Open Heaven Hotel premises close to the swimming pool at Iffiekporo community and arrested one Lucky Afejuku for illegal possession of suspected drugs. Now fewer than 47 wraps of weeds suspected to be Indian Hemp, 10 pieces of skunk weeds popularly known as SK in transparent plastic containers and five bottles of codeine syrup of 100 milligrams were confiscated from the suspect. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, who confirmed the incidents stated that further investigations were ongoing, added that one Akpotha Ernest, 28, was arrested in Asaba in connection with being a suspected member of Buccaneers confraternity. According to Edafe, after a warrant search of his house, buccaneer’s regalia with its insignia was recovered from him while further investigations are ongoing to apprehend his colleagues. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…  arrest alleged serial rapist  |    arrest alleged serial rapist 