Surveyors in Nigeria have been called upon to do everything humanly possible towards eradicating quackery in the profession. Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, Aje Oguguniso 1, made the call at his Popoyemoja Palace in Ibadan, on Tuesday, when members of the Nigeria Institution of Surveyors (NIS), Oyo State chapter, paid him a courtesy visit in commemoration of the Global Surveyors’ Day, which is celebrated all over the world every 21st of March. The team, led by the State Chairman of NIS, Surveyor Prince Aderemi Kobiowu, had earlier traversed some parts of the Ibadan metropolis on a roadshow in celebration of the day, dedicated to celebrate surveyors and their profession throughout the world. The traditional ruler said land crisis and border disputes emanated always from improper handling of documentation process by some surveyors. He added that to compliment the State government’s efforts at urbanisation and infrastructural development, proper surveying of properties and structures were necessary. “While celebrating with you on this special day, I want to charge you to use this special day to reflect on the need for professionalism in your job. “Imagine the old time that many of us grew up at Beere, Oja-Oba, Idikan and other inner parts of Ibadan, as well as the major areas in the metropolis and we, complained about poor planning of structures and lack of proper surveys for the structures, today, we still go to new sites to build new houses and you still see people that would not bother to plan or do proper surveys for their buildings. “It is high time that the NIS maintained sanity among members and keep up the good work you have been doing to make Nigeria and Africa the best in your contributions to government’s efforts at urbanization.” In his remark, the State Chairman of the Nigeria Institution of Surveyors, Prince Aderemi Kobiowu, said there were measures to prevent quackery in the State, as about 250 surveyors were registered members of the institution. He assured the Olubadan that NIS would leave no stone unturned to ensure professionalism, so as to prevent the consequences of quackery in the surveying sector, parts of which he said included land disputes, border crisis and building collapse cases. “We have come to pay homage to our father, who is the king of all in Ibadanland, we came to celebrate the 2021 Global Surveyors’ Day with him after our roadshow, to make him know what we have contributed to the structural development of Oyo State and Ibadan metropolis in particular. “In the whole of Oyo State, we have only 250 registered Surveyors, this opportunity we have to keep a record of members has greatly assisted us in fighting quackery, we assure you that we will not relent in this fight.” Among the programme slated for the celebration, which started, on Sunday, 21st March 2021 were programmes that held on Monday and Tuesday, where members held a roadshow before the visit to the Olubadan palace. Present at the palace with Oba Adetunji was the wife the king, Alhaja Ayaba Rasheedat Ololade, the Balogun Iyabode of Ibadanland, Chief Mrs Taiwo Shoege and the Ajia Olubadan of Ibadanland, Chief Wasiu Aderoju. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Surveyors charged on eradication. Surveyors charged on eradication