The House of Representatives on Wednesday unanimously resolved to investigate the activities of Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) over alleged breach of extant financial regulations which resulted in loss of multi-billion dollar revenue. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion on the ‘Need to investigate the report of the Auditor-General for the Federation on the accounting and financial infractions of Government and International Organizations, sponsored by Hon. Abdullahi Abdulkadir. During the debate, the lawmaker expressed grave concern over the details of various audit reports conducted by the office of the Auditor General of the Federation (oAuGF) which exposed the impunity of various MDAs as well as the Forensic Audit Report conducted by KPMG which indicted some Federal Government Agencies for losses of up to N526 billion and $21 billion. In his lead debate, Hon. Abdulkadir who stated that the motion was due to the successive reports from the Auditor General of the Federation which indicted some individuals in public office and to ensure that justice is done, urged members to support the motion in the spirit of proper accountability. He added that Section 85 of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) provides that the House Committee on Public Accounts can act only on specific reports from the Auditor General. “The House recalls that the Auditor General for the Federation had raised several queries on the Federation Account, particularly covering 2015 to 2017 as regards losses of income due to leakages, financial misapplication, misappropriation, under-reporting and falsification and which was corroborated by the Forensic Audit Report by KPMG that indicted some Federal Government Agencies for losses of up to N526 billion and $21 billion. “The House notes that the losses were allegedly occasioned by an interplay of activities of persons both in the public and private sectors of the Nigerian economy, including multinational companies and the continued exploitation of Nigeria’s economy through the deployment of deceitful and irregular accounting practices is resulting in huge capital flight, deficit balances and a weakened economy. “The House is aware that Sections 88 & 89 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) confer on the Legislature power to investigate with the aim of exposing corruption, inefficiency and blocking waste in the administration of public funds. “The House is cognizant that if urgent steps are not taken to address those hydra-headed issues, they may lead to a total collapse of the economy with its attendant social and political crisis.” In his remarks, the Deputy Speaker, Hon. Ahmed Wase stated that by law, the House Committee on Public Accounts has already been mandated by law to carry out such investigations continuously. While ruling, the Speaker, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila affirmed that Section 88 of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) empowered the House Committee on Public Accounts to investigate through a resolution of the House. To this end, the Speaker mandated the House Committee on Public Accounts to investigate the allegations and report back within eight weeks for further legislative action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Reps to probe MDAs  Reps to probe MDAs Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Reps to probe MDAs  Reps to probe MDAs