The Nigeria Police have arraigned sixty (60), suspected cultists before a Lagos State Chief Magistrate in Yaba under the new Lagos State Anti-Cultism Law, 2021. The suspects were arrested at various points and communities in the state and have been brought before Magistrate Adeola Adedayo. The prosecutors filed 13 count charge against the suspects for various offences including conspiracy, murder, cultism, unlawful possession of firearms and breach of public peace. The Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu had coordinated some raids and operations around the state, especially, in Ikorodu Division who have been terrorizing the entire state. The police boss confirmed that the new law is a blessing and catalyst to eradicate cultism across the length and breadth of the state as the law caters for many loopholes in the previous laws pertaining to cult-related matters in the state. He further appreciated the government and the good people of Lagos State for making the law a reality which is now applicable in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Police arraign 60  Police arraign 60 Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Police arraign 60  Police arraign 60 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.