Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State on Sunday gave thanks to God for saving his life at the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Signs and Wonders Mega Parish, Makurdi. Governor Ortom had on Saturday narrated how some Fulani bandits numbering about 15 shot at him and his nine aides at his farm on Gboko/Makurdi road. According to the governor, he had to run on foot for 1.5 kilometres to escape the attack by the Fulani bandit. Leading some of his council members, the governor thanked and praised God for saving his life from the hands of daredevil armed herders on Saturday. The governor called on Nigerians with a good conscience to save the country from drifting into anarchy and lawlessness. He wondered why a certain ethnic group in the country would be shielded and allowed to use its militia arm to wreak havoc on perceived enemies. Meanwhile, one of the aides to Governor Ortom, Abraham Kwanghngu, on Sunday further revealed how the governor escaped the attack. Kwanghngu who said that nine aides were with the governor during the attack said that they did not only trek for one and a half kilometres but they have to crawl in the bush as the bandits were pumping bullets on the governor’s entourage. According to him, “the governor and I along with few security details parked our vehicles by the highway and walked for about 2 kilometres to his farm where he attended to his farm by the river bank and it was on our way back to our vehicles that suddenly we ran into an ambush mounted by well-armed suspected Fulani militia all dressed in black who opened fire on us. “His Excellency and I had to run through the rough terrain for about a kilometre and a half, at times crawling to avoid the showers of bullets fired at us by the gunmen. “Thank God for the gallantry, proactiveness and courage demonstrated by the nine security details with the governor who immediately responded with fire to provide cover for us. “The governor probably was the target for this evil assassination attempt by strange gunmen. By divine providence, Governor Ortom, myself and the security details escaped the ambush and safely made our way back to the Governor’s Lodge.” Kwanghngu thanked God for his unfailing mercies, protection and grace over the governor and the other aides. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. | ran 1.5kilometers to escape attack by bandits| ran 1.5kilometers to escape attack by bandits | ran 1.5kilometers to escape attack by bandits | ran 1.5kilometers to escape attack by bandits Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng