NO fewer than three persons have been reportedly abducted by gunmen in Osu in Atakumosa West Local Government Area of Osun State. The incident, which occurred over the weekend, reportedly led to the deserting of the Ilesa-Osu road by motorists plying the route for fear of being kidnapped. The kidnappers were said to have contacted the families of their victims to come forward and rescue them as soon as possible. It was gathered that the kidnappers demanded N50 million from their victims’ family members before they would be released. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs Yemisi Opalola, confirmed the development. She said a middle-aged man, Haruna Tanko, who is the Seriki of Sabo Stores at Iyeere area of the town, reported to the police that an unknown person called him through the phone that his brother, one Usman, and two others had been kidnapped. Opalola added that the person who reported the case to the police said the abductors were demanding N50 million as ransom before the victims could be set free. She, however, promised that the victims would soon be rescued, adding that the police had already swung into action to locate the victims. The police spokesperson sought the support of residents of the state by giving useful information to the police in order to curb the menace of criminals.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!