THE House of Representatives on Wednesday unveiled plans to investigate the activities of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on the allocation of crude under the Direct Sale Direct Purchase (DSDP) scheme. The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon. Abubakar Makki Yalleman, who underscored the need for the Corporation to account for the total of 5.2 million barrels allocated for domestic supply in 2018 till date. In his lead debate, Hon. Yalleman expressed concern over the media report on “the unfortunate details of how Nigeria’s crude oil is being stolen or diverted daily.  “The House also notes that according to the report, approximately 5.2 million barrels of crude oil supposedly allocated to comatose NNPC refineries in 2018 under Direct Sales Direct Purchase  (DSDP) operations are unaccounted for. Essentially, almost half of the 10.9 million barrels of crude oil allocated for domestic supply between June 2018 and July 2019 as reported by the NNPC is either stolen or diverted. “The House further notes that the average price for Nigerian crude oil in 2018 was $65 which means that the unaccounted volume may have denied the country $339 million at a time of acute revenue deficit. “The House is concerned and deeply worried by this report and will like to know: the status of the 5.2 million barrels allocated for domestic supply in 2018 till date; crude oil allocation per refinery and the rationale for such allocation. In a case of inadequate production capacity, what happens to an unutilized stock of crude oil? “The House is acutely  worried that at the spate of missing critical national revenue and is worried that unless these  leakages are plugged, they will deepen the national deficit even further, thus depriving the country of the much-needed development.” To this end, the House resolved to set-up an Adhoc committee to investigate the allocation of crude oil under the DSDP scheme from 2018 till date, the crude oil allocation per refinery and the rationale for such allocation and what happens to the un-utilized stock of crude oil in the case of a refinery with inadequate production capacity.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out
INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho
Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest
Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders
IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams
Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided