The Kano State Government said it has initiated a process to enact forestry law to check indiscriminate felling of trees and protect the environment. Dr Kabiru Ibrahim-Getso, the Commissioner for Environment, stated this while inspecting the monthly environmental sanitation exercise on Saturday in Kano. Ibrahim-Getso who decried the spate of tree felling, said the law will provide sanctions and penalties for those engaged in the act. He said the state relied on the National Environmental Laws, adding that the new law will check tree felling, control flooding and preserve the ecosystem. Commenting on the environmental exercise, Ibrahim-Getso said the exercise is designed to enhance waste and drain clearance to enhance sanitation. While commending security agencies for their support, the Commissioner also urged residents of the state to  participate in the exercise. “We observed that people complied with the restriction of movement between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. “However, there is the need for them to participate in waste clearance to keep a clean and healthy environment,” he said. Meanwhile, the Kano State Environmental Mobile Court has  convicted and sealed a rice mill and a mall for violating the monthly environmental sanitation exercise in the state. The convicts are Alwabeel Rice Mill, Sharada and Jifatu Superstore, all in Kano metropolis. Chief Magistrate Auwal Yusuf-Suleiman, also slammed a N500,000 fine on the rice mill and N200,000 on the store. He said the convicted institutions were found guilty for operating within the stipulated hours of the sanitation exercise, contrary to Sections 98 and punishable under Section 99 of the Kano State Sanitation Act 2016. The Magistrate, therefore, ordered the mill and store to be closed, adding that: “They will be reopened only after complying with extant rules and a written clearance by the State Ministry of Environment,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the mobile court also convicted a number of motorists and passengers for flaunting the environmental laws. Some of the areas visited for inspection during the exercise include Sharada Industrial area, Kofar Ruwa, Zoo, Katsina and Ibrahim Taiwo roads among others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Nigeria records 360 new COVID-19 infections, total now 156,017 Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided