A Fulani man, Iskilu Wakili, accused of being a kidnap kingpin and mastermind of several cases of abduction at Ibarapa zone of Oyo State, has denied his involvement in such crime, asking his accusers to come out in the open with their claims. Wakili, who spoke with the Nigerian Tribune on Monday, at the State Criminal Investigation Department at Iyaganku, Ibadan, said he has never been involved in crime during his stay in the zone for over 20 years. He also disclosed that two of his children were kidnapped in 2020, and he had to pay millions of naira to secure their release. Wakili said he was at home on Sunday when he heard women among his household members shouting that some ‘Amotekun’ (OPC) members were approaching his camp and were armed. “I told them to run for their lives, but I stayed back, lying down because I was sick and unable to run,” Wakili stated. He said further that two men dragged him out of his hut naked and took him to Igboora police station in their vehicle. He said: “I fainted severally before we got there. From the police station, we were moved to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Iyaganku, Ibadan. “I later learnt that my house had been razed and my son’s wife, called Kande, was shot. She’s lying in the mortuary now.” Speaking further on the allegation of his being a kingpin in kidnap acts, Wakili said he never knew anything about the crime. He added that he should be taken to the whole of Ibarapa zone to have his records checked, saying that he had never been involved in any criminal matter. Wakili admitted to having cows that strayed into farms but said he had never been taken to the police station or got involved in kidnapping.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com