Members of the Conference of Speakers of State Legislatures of Nigeria have expressed satisfaction with the tremendous support and respect demonstrated by Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Abdulkadir Mohammad to the legislative arm. Chairman of the Conference, Abubakar Y Suleiman disclosed this when he led other Speakers on a courtesy visit to the Governor at Government House, Bauchi, late on Friday. The Chairman who is also the Speaker of the Bauchi State House of Assembly narrated how the Governor rendered all the needed support and cooperation to the legislature, saying that the Governor who is a former parliamentarian so much believed in the sanctity of the legislative arm. Abubakar Suleiman also noted that Bauchi State under the stewardship of Governor Bala Mohammad is witnessing an unprecedented transformation in all aspects of human endeavour. He said that “In less than two years in office, he has embarked on various people-oriented projects across the State; from urban renewal to rural transformation, water expansion project to construction and renovation and equipping of schools and hospitals, construction of housing estates in six Emirates of the State to the reconstruction of the Government House, to mention but few.” The Speaker added that “This feat is the product of the harmonious working relationship existing between the legislative and executive arms despite our differences. Though APC leads the legislative arm while PDP leads the Executive Arm, you don’t hear any rancour in the State Assembly.” While thanking his colleagues for electing him to lead the Conference, the Chairman narrated how his colleagues entrusted on him the leadership of the Conference, explaining that when he was first nominated, he was sceptical in accepting the challenge but the Governor supported and encouraged him to answer the clarion call. On the purpose of the general meeting which will hold today, Saturday, Abubakar Suleiman said that the meeting will deliberate on issues of national interest, proffer solutions and make recommendations where necessary. He thanked the Governor for graciously hosting the Speakers in the State, saying that all the Speakers are happy with the hospitality accorded them. In his response, the Governor said that Bauchi State is proud to host the Speakers whom he described as representatives of the people and the heartbeat of the people that anybody at any level of leadership cannot take for granted. Bala Mohammed said that “Your Chairman has made me very proud. With the spate of perception, insecurity, mistrust in the Country, definitely your coming here is instructive and is pointing to the fact that Nigeria is indivisible, Nigeria has come to stay as a nation. It has kept hope at the end of the tunnel for Nigerians and few of us who are doubting Thomases.”. Bala Mohammad who said that the Conference of Speakers is a forum to reckon with in Nigeria’s political architecture explained that he is inexorably connected with the arts of the legislative practices and sensibilities. He extolled the role and contributions of the lawmakers to the growth of the State, saying that despite their party differences, they are united and looked toward people who elected them and the State which is their collective constituency, hence the unity and support he has been enjoying from them which is resulting delivery of dividends of democracy. The Governor reaffirmed his support for financial autonomy to State Legislature, saying he found the agitation for the financial autonomy for the legislature and the judiciary as very suitable but urge them to look at the order side of the coin because it is coming with a lot of challenges. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Conference of speakers visit  Conference of speakers visit Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Conference of speakers visit  Conference of speakers visit SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!