Four persons including a mobile policeman have been arrested by the police in Lagos State in connection with the killing of one person and injuring another in the NITEL area of Ikorodu over the weekend. It was gathered that about fifteen mobile policemen led suspected land grabbers to NITEL area of Igbogbo in Ikorodu between late last Thursday and early Friday, killing a man identified as Mojeee Erinfolami and shooting a bricklayer, Ganiu Sadiq. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, confirmed the incident to the Nigerian Tribune and added that investigations have commenced into the incident. It was gathered that the policemen were recruited from a mobile police squadron unit in Ibadan by suspected land grabbers and they arrived Ikorodu early Thursday before invading NITEL area of Igbogbo early Friday morning. An eyewitness who simply identified himself as Lolade said “if not for the police at Igbogbo Police Station, more people would have been killed.” He continued that “it was because of the DPO that they were able to arrest the mobile policeman and two other people, who led them to the place.” The eyewitness also added that “I had taken some workers to site when heavily armed thugs who were accompanied by about fifteen policemen invaded the place and started shooting.” The eyewitness added that “everybody ran into different directions and when the dust settled, policemen from Igbogbo came. “It was policemen who were led by the DPO that recovered the corpse which was later deposited at the Ikorodu General Hospital while the other injured person was taken to the hospital.” The Nigerian Tribune gathered that the three persons who were arrested in connection with the incident have been transferred to the State Criminal Investigations Department, Panti for further investigation. Some armed thugs have been identified as Okappy, Wakilu alias Omo Jakande, Harmony, Okanlomo and others still at large. Adejobi told the Nigerian Tribune “we received a distress call of disturbance of public peace and we quickly mobilized our men to the scene.” He also added that “four people including a mobile policeman have been arrested in connection with the incident. “The arrested policeman is not serving in Lagos. We have sent a signal to his commander to confirm if he was actually on legal or illegal duty.” The spokesperson also said “the commissioner of police has directed that the matter be transferred to the State CID, Panti. Investigations are ongoing.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.