The Kano State Environmental Mobile Court on Saturday has ordered two factories, GP Tank and JP Company, to pay N500,000 each fine, for violation of the monthly environmental sanitation exercise held last Saturday in the state. This was just as the two factories were found guilty of operating within the stipulated hours of 7 am to 10 am of the sanitation exercise contrary to sections 61 and 104 of the National Environmental Laws. The order was given by Chief Magistrate, Auwal Yusuf-Suleiman, during an inspection exercise at the Sharada Industrial Area in the Kano metropolis. According to him, the factories were found guilty of operating within the stipulated hours of 7 am to 10 am of the sanitation exercise contrary to sections 61 and 104 of the National Environmental Laws. Following their disobedience to the Sanitation law, both companies were fined a sum of N1million, while each of the factories is to pay a N500,000 fine. However, while commenting on the issue, the State Commissioner for Environment, Dr Kabiru Ibrahim-Getso disclosed that the affected companies were not among those exempted from participating in the exercise. According to him, some industries were exempted from participating in the exercise in view of the nature of their operations. He further disclosed that some security personnel were engaged to enforce compliance with the exercise, saying other violators of the exercise were equally ordered to pay a specific fine during the time of their arrest. Dr. Getso then commended residents of the state for participation in the exercise. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Sanitation law violation  Sanitation law violation Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Sanitation law violation  Sanitation law violation SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!