A 35-year-old man has been killed after he abducted and tried to make away with a four-year-old boy in the Okpuno area of Awka, Anambra State capital. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the suspect who was identified as Yusuf from Shagamu in Ogun State had snatched the boy and tried to make away with him, but was spotted by residents to the area, who promptly descended on him. The boy, whose name was given as Chukwuka Sunday was also rescued and reunited with his mother, who is said to be a resident of the area. Confirming the incident in a statement, the State Police Command Spokesperson, DSP Toochukwu Ikenga, said that the kidnapper was rescued and taken to hospital, but was confirmed dead. According to Ikenga, “following credible information received on 27th March 2021 at about 08:30hrs, a young man, suspected to have stolen a child, was being mobbed along Umoudu Okpuno; Operatives of Anambra State Command attached ‘B’ Division Awka, raced to the scene. “The operatives rescued and reunited the four (4) years old child, named Chukwuka Sunday (m) with the mother, while the suspect, simply identified as Yusuf (m) of about 35 years of age and from Shagamu, Ogun State, was also rescued from the angry mob and rushed to the hospital, where he was confirmed dead.” He said the Commissioner of Police, CP MB Kuryas has directed the conduct of a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the death of the suspected child trafficker. He said the CP enjoined residents to promptly submit arrested criminal suspects to the police for proper investigation and prosecution, rather than engaging in mob action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!