As people living abroad continue to support family and friends back home, the total value of Mobile Money transactions increased by 65 per cent to an annual total of $12.7 billion in 2020. The Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) Association in its annual ‘State of the Industry Report on Mobile Money,’ published on March 24th, 2021 revealed a dramatic acceleration in mobile transactions during the COVID-19 pandemic as lockdown restrictions limited access to cash and financial institutions. The report found that the number of registered accounts grew by 13 per cent globally in 2020, to more than 1.2 billion, double the forecast. The fastest growth was in markets where governments provided significant pandemic relief to their citizens, it revealed. According to the report, the value of government-to-person payments quadrupled during the pandemic, with the mobile money industry working hand-in-hand with administrations and NGOs to distribute social protection and humanitarian payments quickly, securely, and efficiently to those in need. Facilitating this type of direct income support payments is one example of how mobile money provides a financial lifeline to underserved communities. Mobile money providers have also provided in-kind support, including the distribution of personal protective equipment (PPE) and hand sanitizing gel at agent counters it noted. “We see that mobile money is a powerful tool for expanding the financial inclusion of women in low- and middle-income countries,” said John Giusti, the GSMA’s Chief Regulatory Officer. “This year’s report, however, found that across markets women are still 33per cent less likely than men to have a mobile money account,” the officer added. The GSMA and its members said they are committed to closing this gender gap by addressing the barriers that prevent women from accessing and using mobile financial services. Many providers have committed to increasing the proportion of female customers. One example of an innovative approach to this is launching micro-entrepreneur products that can be used in markets where women represent the majority of vendors and customers. It further revealed that for the first time, more than $1 billion was sent and received in the form of remittances globally every month via mobile money. Despite early fears that transactions would decline as people worldwide suffered job losses and income cuts during the pandemic, it remains clear that diasporas continue to support family and friends back home. “As a result, the total value of transactions increased by 65 % to an annual total of $12.7 billion in 2020. “In working towards achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the GSMA remained committed to reducing inequalities among countries when sending money internationally,” it emphasized. According to GSMA’s research, mobile money provided an affordable channel for connecting people to vital financial resources. The mobile money ecosystem has been strengthened by an increasing number of strategic partnerships established between money transfer organisations and mobile money providers. As the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted people’s lives and weakened economies, regulators responded with a variety of measures aimed at reducing the impact. The research found that the pandemic gave fresh urgency to the need for regulatory change to facilitate greater digitalisation. In many markets, transaction limits were increased to allow more funds to flow through mobile money. Additionally, as demand rose for non-physical payments, some regulators classified mobile money agents and their supply chains as essential services. Over 50per cent of mobile money agents were continuously active throughout the pandemic, which was crucial for service continuity and maintaining liquidity. “While some of the regulatory reforms made in response to the pandemic have been positive for customers and providers, the implementation and extension of fee waivers have harmed mobile money providers’ core revenue stream. Mobile Money providers depend mainly on transactional revenues to sustain their business, it disclosed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Mobile money transactions rose  ;  Mobile money transactions rose  ;  Mobile money transactions rose