Operatives of the Bayelsa State Police Command Monday repelled a five-man armed robbery gang who were on a mission to rob unsuspecting residents of Goldcoast Estate in Yenagoa Local Government Area. According to residents of the estate located along the Bayelsa Palm road in the outskirts of the city, the armed robbers scaled through the fence attempting to gain entrance into homes before a terrified resident called the manager of the property who eventually contacted the police. Nigerian Tribune gathered that on noticing the presence of police, the armed robbers were said to have been forced to retreat into a swampy forest close to the estate. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer, Asinim Butswat, in a statement said: “on 8th March 2021 at about 0300 hours, unknown gunmen suspected to be armed robbers invaded Goldcoast Estate, Yenagoa, to rob the residents of the estate. “The management of the estate contacted the command control room and patrol teams responded swiftly and the robbery was foiled. “The Commissioner of Police Bayelsa State Command, CP Mike Okoli hereby appeals to members of the public to always contact the Police Control room for a prompt response.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com