The move by the Federal Government to recharge Lake Chad has been described as a quick fix because this does not address the root cause of the depletion of the lake in the first place. The recharge of Lake Chad involves the transfer of water from the Congo Basin to Lake Chad and the lake will likely revert in the next 10 to 15 years if certain things are not done. This is the view of Temple Oraeki, the country director for Hope Spring Water, WASH (Water Sanitation & Hygiene) charity. Recall that on Saturday, during the visit of President of Chad, Marshal Idris Deby Itno to the Presidential Villa, President Muhammadu Buhari said that  with inter-basin water transfer of water to Lake Chad, farming, fishing, animal husbandry will resume. However, Oraeki who is a WASH consultant and State Focal Person, EU – Agents for Citizen-Driven Transformation Programme, said that the Nigeria is not not paying attention to the impact of climate change on water resources. “First is to recognise that the reason for the shrinkage is the impact of climate change on our water resources. “It is actually very disturbing that Nigeria’s nationally determined contributions (NDCs) to deal with climate change has nothing to say about water resources. “This is the first thing that has to be addressed. “Our NDCs should have targets on water resources. Any discussion that has to do with climate change should have water at the centre of the discussion. “Secondly, Nigeria has to be intentional about the climate action, especially as it relates to water resources.” He noted that Nigeria’s population is growing. Yet the available water resources are being depleted by drought and contaminated by flooding. “We have little to drink while the population is growing. So we have to be intentional about how we protect and preserve water resources in Nigeria!” Oraeki said that if these considerations are in place with the recharging of Lake Chad, there is less likelihood that it will go back to the state where it is now. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!