Anaku community in Ayamelum Local Government Area of Anambra State have protested the activities of Fulani herdsmen in the area, saying the herders were responsible for a series of kidnappings along the Adani-Kogi highway, in the area. A source among the protesters said they came out in their numbers on the federal highway in the community at the weekend to protest the latest incident of kidnapping which involved an undisclosed number of persons on Friday along the highway. The source said the protesters, mostly youths of the area expressed sadness over the recent incident and promised not to rest until the kidnapped persons were released. The security agents in the area led by the DPO of Anaku Divisional Police in Ayamelum LGA, CSP Chukwunonso was also there. He addressed the youths, promising not to rest until the situation is brought under control. He also advised the community to maintain calm and continue with their lawful activities as the issue is being taken care of. The protest it was gathered also attracted the attention of the Speaker of Anambra State House of Assembly, Uche Okafor, who addressed the youths, condemning the current spate of kidnapping along the road. One of the protesters said, “You may be here in the state capital, Awka, without knowing the high level of kidnapping by Fulani herdsmen happening in the hinterlands in Anambra State. The current kidnapping took place on 12/ 3/ 2021. “This infuriated some youths, and they (youths of Anaku) and the vigilante group members and other security agents had to team up to go into the forest in search of those who were kidnapped and to secure the area to avoid such activities again. It is very disheartening.” Attempt to reach the State Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Haruna Mohammed for comments via phone calls on the situation at the time of filing the report were not successful as his phone was not reachable. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng