As the court resumed hearing in the case of the murder of the daughter of Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, Mrs. Funke Olakunri, it was disclosed that five more suspects who allegedly took part in the killing have been arrested. This development was made known by the prosecution counsel, Grace Olowoporoku, during the hearing of the murder case at the Akure High Court presided over by Justice Bode Adegbehingbe. The counsel informed the court that men of the Force CID, SWAT arrested the five men after thorough investigation in connection with the murder of Mrs. Olakunri, who was killed in July 2019 by suspected kidnappers along the Ore-Lagos highway. She said the five suspects were Lawal Mazaje from Felele, Kogi State; Adamu Adamu, from Jada in Adamawa State; Mohammed Usman, from Illela, Sokoto State and Auwal Abubakar, from Shinkafi, Zamfara State. This brought the number of suspects in the case to nine with four suspects arrested earlier by the police in connection with the murder case. They were arraigned on three-count charge of conspiracy to kill, murder and kidnapping. Also the Investigative Police Officer hinted that the five suspects were arrested following the continuous mentioning of their names during investigation. Olowoporoku therefore applied for a short adjournment to enable the prosecution conclude investigation on the new suspects. She equally told the court that the IPO of the case was in court along with three of the suspects. Justice Adegbehingbe adjourned the case till April 27, 29, 30 and May 5, for continuation of hearing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Five more suspected killers  Five more suspected killers 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…Five more suspected killers Five more suspected killers Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng