Following the defection of the former Chairman of People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Ebonyi State, Barr Onyekachi Nwebonyi, the State chapter of the party on Monday, held its first meeting. The meeting held at Salt Lake Hotel witnessed the presence of the former Secretary to Government of the Federation Sen Anyim Pius-Anyim, the first civilian Governor of the State and Senator representing Ebonyi North Dr Sam Egwu, Sen Obinna Ogba and Sen Amah Nnachi. Others present at the meeting were the five National Assembly members including Hon Anayo  Nwonu, Hon Sylvester Ogbaga, former lawmakers, Ministers and Ambassadors from the State and a host of others. According to them, the resignation and defection of Nwebonyi to APC will bring to an end, all the machinations which had hitherto created problems to their party and its teeming members in Ebonyi State. Addressing the party, the South East Vice Chairman of the party Chief Ali Odefa, maintained that PDP remains a focus party that does not belong to the noisemakers party. According to him, the era of “I will crush you, I will grind you” has gone. “We are reaching out to people and the result is what we all saw that happened in Aba, Abia State. Politics is not by shouting. We are not noise makers, we are focused. “It is obvious now that the people who were originally not part of us have left? We are all happier together now. The embittered ones have left our party now and we now know our selves and we the party is happier and we move forward. “I can assure you are the people that can win elections in your different places. You cannot go to Ivo local government where Senator Anyim Pius-Anyim is from and you will say you will win there. In Onicha local government, we are there in Onicha local government, Hon Linus is from Onicha local government, Ifeanyi Chuks is from Onicha local government. It is simple Mathematics. Politics is not shouting; I will crush you, I will grind you. No, we have gone beyond that era.” He said. Odefa, however, charged his members never to allow themselves to be intimidated in securing their meetings. “I want to encourage you, do not be intimidated. Ali can not come back to Abakaliki, Ali cannot come back to Abakaliki, is this not Ali? I am the supreme leader and pepper them gang, they can’t do anything. Do not be afraid, call your meetings, mobilize your people, secure your meetings, they won’t do anything, they are frustrated, they are on their way to APGA. One advantage you have over them is that in our party, we will democratize the process of primaries in our own party. Everybody will have a level playing field to contest any primaries. “As you know, south-east is PDP, the only governor they have in the south-east was stolen from the backyard; in Imo, they used the court to steal that one from us. Of course, Ebonyi, only him defected. So, our party is ready. “The era of intimidation is gone. Police cannot intimidate us, they cannot use SSS against us, they will not use the court against us. We will resist all these dictatorial tendencies and they are already tired. We will continue to uphold the principles and core values of our party, don’t be afraid,” the chief said. In an interview with Caretaker Chairman of the State, Elder Fred Udeogu, Urged Governor David Umahi to rethink the violence that has been unleashed on the State since his defection. He, however, described the spate of politically motivated killings across the state as condemnable and unacceptable. He then calls on the Governor to take steps to stem down this unwarranted violence in the interest of the state. He pleaded with Umahi to facilitate a peaceful surrender of all their party secretariat which his hirelings had attempted to occupy and vandalize. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers.  Ebonyi PDP regroup after Ex-Chairman’s  ;  Ebonyi PDP regroup after Ex-Chairman’s SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!