Daredevil armed robbers, on Tuesday, invaded an old generation bank in Issele-Uku, headquarters of Aniocha North Local Government Area of Delta State, killing one trader. Sources said the fully armed robbers operated for close to an hour as policemen and a DPO in the police station in the area allegedly fled for dear life. The robbers, the sources added, had stationed their gang members at strategic positions in the town, while other members carried out the operation. Customers were reportedly held hostage in the bank for almost an hour, while other gang members outside were shooting sporadically in the air to deter any intruder. A yet-to-be-identified trader and indigene of Issele-Uku from Ogbeofu village was reportedly hit by a stray bullet, killing her in the process. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, confirmed the incident but said the command was up to the task to apprehend the hoodlums. He could neither confirm the number of injured victims nor the amount of money carted away from the bank.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.