The Special Adviser to Lagos State Governor on Housing, Mrs Toke Benson- Awoyinka, has urged built environment professionals to be proactive and not to allow”briefcase” estate agents/ property developers and artisans take over the real estate sector at their detriment. According to the special adviser, real estate goes beyond just buying and selling of property, but also about provision of quality services to potential clients. For this reason, Benson-Awoyinka advised stakeholders in the sector to leverage on the limitless opportunities in the value chain of the sector. Making the appeal at the weekend while reviewing the activities of real estate practice in the metropolis, the special adviser urged residents to support the state government’s efforts to eliminate fraudulent practices in the industry. This, she said they could join government to achieve by patronising registered real estate practitioners and property developers in the state. “We should not allow “briefcase” real estate agents/property developers and artisans take over the real estate sector at the detriment of professionals that abound across the state,” she said. The special adviser stated that the mega city status of the state necessitated the establishment of the Lagos State Real Estate Regulatory Authority (LASRERA) for the safety of residents, investors and protection of the interest of players in the real estate industry. She said with LASRERA as the regulator, there would be maximum value and return on investment for investors in the industry. According to her, LASRERA has helped in boosting the state government’s image, promoted the ease of doing business and also increased foreign direct investment for Lagos State in the real estate sector. The special adviser, who described real estate as Lagos State’s gold, maintained that the sector must be protected, and public trust restored for the genuine practitioners to have a deep penetration of the real estate market. She said that “with the judgment of the Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday, 22nd March, 2021, in favour of the Lagos State Government, the court affirmed the constitutionality of the state government and Lagos State Real Estate Regulatory Authority (LASRERA) to regulate the sector in the state. According to her, with the affirmation, the Lagos State Government has the power to regulate the practice of real estate transactions within the state, just as LASRERA now has legal right to sanitise the real estate sector for increased growth and more investment opportunities across the State. Benson-Awoyinka disclosed that the administration of Mr Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu has worked towards increasing investor confidence and transparency by submitting a bill to the State Assembly to include the Foreclosure Clause in the Lagos State Mortgage Law for the protection of the residents in the real estate. She said that the state’s real estate Sector will conform with global best practices in  easing business   for  investors in the Diaspora  and  individuals with assurance of the safety of return on  their investments in the state real estate sector. She, however appealed to the society at large to support all government initiatives in sanitising and warned citizens of the consequences of patronising unregistered real estate practitioners in the state. On the other hand, she advised the practitioners in the real estate value chain to support government in making the sector viable and transparent for all local and international investors. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!