TOOTHPASTE brand, Colgate, has stated that it hopes to reach at least 2 million Nigerians, across the country, by the end of 2021, through its ongoing dental check up exercises, aimed at enhancing oral hygiene among Nigerians. Disclosing this at one of the daily dental screening exercises held in Dosumu, Oke Arin Market -Lagos Island, the Chief Executive Officer, Colgate Palmolive Tolaram, Mr. Girish Sharma, described the plan as being in tune with the brand’s commitment of enhancing the oral health of every Nigerian. He explained that the exercise was designed to create awareness and curb the spread of tooth cavities, as well as other dental related affliction. According to him, it had become imperative to launch an onslaught against oral diseases in Nigeria; since many Nigerians seem to be contending with these problems. “Our target is to reach out to a minimum of 2 million people by end of 2021. As a brand, it is in our efforts to improve the oral health of Nigerians as we believe everyone deserves the opportunity to Bright Smiles” he stated. He disclosed that toothache and tooth holes are mostly caused by cavities and research has revealed that a larger population of Nigeria are contending with these problems, however the idea is to use the dental check-up across Nigeria to further create awareness and curb the spread of tooth cavities as well as other dental related affliction. According to him, Colgate Dental Check up from the staple of Colgate Palmolive Tolaram, was officially launched  in 2020 with the objective of bringing free oral health checkup closer to the public, with the assistance of professional certified dentists, while driving awareness towards curbing the spread of tooth cavities scourge across Nigeria. He further stated that 18 checkup camps are presently being run in 9 locations across 8 cities pan Nigeria. In her own comment,  the Public Relations Manager, Tolaram Group, Mrs. Omotayo Abiodun explained that the clinic is dedicated towards bringing basic oral healthcare orientation, consultation, and solution closer to consumers in the most convenient manner and at absolutely no cost. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng