Some unknown gunmen, on Tuesday morning, attacked the Eteh-Okofi community in the Koton Karfe Local Government Area of Kogi State, kidnapped three sisters and demanded the sum of N10 million ransom from their parent. Tribune Online gathered that a member of the victims’ family, who preferred anonymity, explained how the victims were abducted. He said the gunmen went straight into the bedroom where the three sisters were sleeping, woke them up and marched them into the bush. “The three of them were sleeping in one room. One of their brothers heard a strange sound and decided to open the door to find out what was happening. They started shooting into the air and by then, they already held the sisters,” he said. He said the family have been able to establish contact with the kidnappers, who have demanded N100 million in ransom. “Actually, a contact was established this afternoon, just about 30 minutes ago, they were demanding for N100 million ransom, but negotiation is still ongoing,” he said. The Chairman of Koton Karfe local government council, Hon Isah Abdulkarim, while confirming the incident said he was yet to get details about the kidnap incident. Meanwhile, the Kogi State Police Command Public Relation Officer, ASP Williams Ayah, was contacted on his mobile line, but he neither answered calls nor replied to the text message sent to his phone over the development. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there.Gunmen kidnap three sisters in Kogi, demand N100 million ransom Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com