The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has published a list of 48 international money transfer operators (IMTOs) approved for diaspora remittances. The bank had earlier introduced a “Naira 4 Dollar Scheme”, an incentive that pays naira to senders and recipients of international money transfers. The incentive will see that the recipients of diaspora remittances are paid N5 for every $1 received from outside the country. The incentive will be enjoyed if remittances come in through IMTOs approved by CBN. The bank, on Monday, published the list of the IMTOs. They are as follows: Aftab Currency Exchange Limited, Azimo Limited, Belyfted Limited, Caperemit Uk Limited, Cashpot Limited, Centrexcard Limited, Chime Inc. Others are: Colony Capital Limited, Cp Express Limited, Dt&T Corporation Limited, Etranzact Limited, Fiem Group Llc Dba Ping Express, First Apple Inc., Flutterwave Technology Solutions Limited among others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. CBN releases list of 48 Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…CBN releases list of 48 [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…