Sixty-eight corps members with 201 other pioneer graduates have been trained to become soil doctors and extension services workers in the country, the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) on Tuesday disclosed. It said the training which was in line with the Federal Government’s efforts to boost agricultural production was conducted by the National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) in collaboration with the Borno State Government. Speaking at the graduation ceremony held at the Government House, the NYSC Director-General Brigadier-General Shuaibu Ibrahim said the inclusion of the corps members is part of the outcomes of an ongoing partnership between NYSC and NALDA aimed at strengthening the drive to reinvigorate its agricultural programme. He said the training came at a time the Federal Government was pursuing its policy on diversification of the economy through harnessing the nation’s potentials in agriculture and other non-oil sectors. He informed that the NYSC was rejigging its agricultural programme to complement the effort of the Federal Government towards ensuring that Nigeria attains self-sufficiency in food production. “No doubt, the activities of the young men and women, who are concluding their training today, will go a long way in enhancing agricultural productivity and profitability in Nigeria. “I have no doubt in my mind that this initiative will also make agriculture and allied activities more attractive to youths, in particular, and the rest of the population,” he added. On his part, Executive Secretary, NALDA, Paul Ikonne, said President Muhammadu Buhari had mandated his agency to make sure the country’s soil yielded maximum output and enable farmers to earn higher returns on investment. Ikonne said the two-week intensive training provided the requisite knowledge and skills on how to collect soil samples, conduct soil tests, and render extension services to farmers. He added that trainees were also equipped with soil sample collection and analysis kits, which they would use for the job. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…