President Muhammadu Buhari has told heads of security and intelligence agencies that their first assignment is to identify and take out leaders of bandits and kidnappers to make the environments they operate safer for citizens. This was disclosed to correspondents at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Tuesday by the National Security Adviser (NSA), Major General Babagana Monguno, after a meeting between the president and the heads of the agencies. He said the president had told both the intelligence and operational elements that he will no longer tolerate a situation where bandits and kidnappers are the ones dictating the pace and setting the tone. The NSA said the president also kicked against a situation whereby security actions are reactionary rather than being proactive. He said Buhari has also indicated his willingness to provide all resources needed by troops to put down the criminals. “They must be brought down with all the ruthlessness it requires. And whoever is in collaboration with them will be brought to book,” Monguno said. He said there will be no adjustment to what the National Security Council has already laid down until normalcy is restored. The NSA conveyed the president‘s displeasure over certain elements working in cahoot with criminals in and outside the country exploiting the minefields of Zamfara State. He also alerted that there are some elements working with people in critical agencies of government, saying that certain weaknesses have been identified that must be strengthened. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.