Former Senior Special Assistant to President Goodluck Jonathan on Public Affairs, Doyin Okupe, has apologised over his comments on the Igbo presidency and the ethnic group’s relationship with the North that led to the death of Sardauna of Sokoto in the 1966 coup. Okupe made this known via his official Twitter handle @doyinokupe on Sunday with the title: “Open Apology To The Igbos.” It will be recalled that Okupe tweeted some days ago that a national consensus for the Igbo presidency cannot evolve. He added that it can only evolve when the core North forgives the Igbos for the killing of Sardauna of Sokoto by Nigerian soldiers of Igbo extraction in the 1966 coup. The former presidential aide explained that he never meant to hurt or demean the Igbos but help in the actualization of the dream. Doyin expressed regret over the post, saying ‘he is sorry’. “I tender my unreserved apology to the Igbos & other Nigerians who felt offended by my post on Igbo Presidency and the North. “I never intended to hurt or demean the Igbos but instead I wanted to help actualize the dream. “I regret the said post and I am truly sorry,” he tweeted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!