National leader of All Progressives Congress  (APC) and former Lagos State Governor, Bola Ahmed Tinubu has lamented that it was surprising the country is competing with bandits in recruiting young Nigerians. Tinubu said it was high time for the political leaders to do the needful. He made the assertion on Monday in Kano during his colloquium held at the Coronation Hall, Government House, Kano. Tinubu said there was an urgent need for the country to recruit 50 million youths into the Nigerian Army and police so as to reduce joblessness among the youths or the bandits will continue to take advantage and recruit them on peanuts. He said, “There is a 33 per cent unemployment rate among youths and it is disturbing. We must create jobs for the youths to have rest of mind in this country. “Nigerians have been fasting for a very long time we need a break now and I hope the National Assembly and PMB will not pay time for austerity.” Tinubu added that “As an in-law to Governor Ganduje, a herder who gave his daughter to my brother, late Abiola Ajimobi who was a farmer, I think in do not need a passport to be in Kano. “So, with my brother and an in-law a Kano man, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, I need no visa to come to Kano.” The former Lagos governor said,  “What I and Ganduje are showcasing to Nigerians is the principle of togetherness, ideals of maturity and strong bond of relationship between two Nigerians that are committed in the Nigeria project.” Tinubu said Kano was lucky to have Ganduje as its governor. He said, “I even regret coming to Kano because since my arrival the governor did not allow me to have a rest. “We toured throughout to commission and supervise projects spread all over the state. Apart from the newly constructed bridges and underpass, interchange as well as the refurbished Public Complaints and Anti Corruption office, among others.” He commended Ganduje for his efforts towards providing the needed infrastructural development in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!