The Director-General of the Nigerian Meteo­rological Agency (NiMET), Professor Sani Mashi, has been sacked by the Federal Government. The sacked NIMET DG has immediately be replaced with another Professor in the person of Professor Mansur Matazu. This is just as a new Rector for the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT), Zaria has been appointed in the person of Captain Alkali Modibbo. His appointment is coming following the refusal of the government to renew the tenure of the erstwhile Rector, Captain Mohammed Abdulsalami, whose tenure just ended. In a related development, the Federal Government has also reappointed the Commissioner of the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Mr Akin Olateru. The sack letter was handed to the outgoing DG by the minister of aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika. Reasons for the sack of the NIMET DG was still not clear as at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…FG removes NIMET DG, reappoints Olateru to AIB, appoints new rector for NCAT FG removes NIMET DG, reappoints Olateru to AIB, appoints new rector for NCAT Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng