Worried by the increasing accommodation’s shortfall in Nigeria and the need to assist government in tackling some of the inhibiting challenges, developers at ATCO Homes, a fast-growing real estate firm, have reiterated commitment to making affordable housing and real estate investment’s opportunities available to Nigerian low income earners and the elites. According to the Managing Director of ATCO Homes, Mr Triumph -Abatan Oluwayomi, the firm has mapped out plans to build 10,000 housing units in the next five years across Nigeria. Already, he disclosed that he has acquired large expanse of land at different locations for the purpose, adding that over 4,000 plots have been laid-out for prospective subscribers and intending homeowners. With this, he stated that Nigerians could become landowners in the new Lagos city of Ibeju-Lekki for as low as N800, 000, starting with an initial deposit of N25, 000. To show the seriousness attached to the project, he stated the company has  commenced housing’s construction in one of its estates known as” The Nation’s View Estate” at Ogombo, near Abraham Adesanya on the Lekki-Epe Expressway, Lagos. The estate, which he said was for net worth Nigerians, would be used to connect the low income earners to their housing units, pointing out that proceeds from the former will be channeled to the housing needs of the latter. “At ATCO Homes, we are driven by a passion to empower Nigerians to live a fuller and wealthier life. This is why we are making opportunities available to all Nigerians to own properties in Ibeju-Lekki, a choice area of Lagos. “By the end of 2021, we are looking at 30 estates. At the moment, we have 12 estates’ portfolio settled. Five more are going through documentation right now. In the next five years, we want to capture Abuja and Port Harcourt,” he said. Housing units in some of the estates comprise one bedroom, two bedroom, three bedroom, three bedroom terrace, and four bedroom detached duplexes. To drive mass land-ownership and home-ownership, he disclosed that the firm has put in place a payment plan of two years with zero per cent interest on the land cost. In another case, he said there was promotion on-going in which  a gift of Toyota Corolla car is put in place anyone  that  purchase, at once, three and above plots from one of the estates, Nation’s View Estate, located in Shapati, Lekki, Lagos According to him, payment for the land or housing units is structured in such a way that any subscriber could pay for two years. When asked what government could do to assist private real estate developers who are interested in providing affordable housing units for the low-income group, Olorunyomi said the state authority has been helping in the area of enabling environment, urging it to do more. He stated that his firm would leverage on private money to fund the estate development, noting that government does not have all the money to fund housing provision. On land documentations, the managing director of ATCO Homes assured every subscriber peace of mind, pointing out that all lands secured by his firm have genuine documents. According to him, some came with Governor’s Consent and Certificate of Occupancy, while others have excision and some are gazetted. Lands in the estates at promo prices range between N800,000  and N55 million, depending on locations and plot sizes. The real estate portfolios include The Nations View Estate, Cloud View Estate in Ode-Omi, Bliss Vale Estate in Lamijo; The Blue Ocean Estate, The Dove Estate, Brampton Lake, Milton Estate, Oakville Garden, Angle Blue Estate, all located in Ibeju-Lekki, in Lagos. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!