IN a bid to end the high rate of poverty in Egbeda/Ona Ara federal constituency, not less than 500 youths and adults have benefitted from the empowerment programme of OTOPE Foundation. President of the foundation, Temitope Oladimeji, at the training ceremony to empower the over 500 constituents in various skills and vocations, at the weekend, said it was aimed at eradicating idleness in the society. Coordinator of the foundation, Ayinde Gbedeogun, reiterated the positive impact made by Oladimeji in the federal constituency, though he was not elected into any political office. “The foundation is committed to helping the people, giving them the right tools to work with. Honourable Temitope Ezekiel Oladimeji, the president of the foundation, knows what it takes not to have the tool and that is why his motive is to help the people of Egbeda/Ona Ara federal constituency despite not being in any political office. “We have students from all parts of the two local government areas coming to learn fashion designing, bakery, catering, hairdressing and others with over 500 people set to enjoy this offer. We will ensure we set them up after the training because we want to utilise the knowledge passed on to them in a rightful way,” he said. The training coordinator of the foundation, Tinuola Fagbure, lauded Oladimeji for the love he has for the people at the grassroots, adding that both males and females as well as old and young are enjoying the opportunity. One of the beneficiaries, Mrs Sola Sulaimon, expressed gratitude to the foundation, adding that learning about catering has really helped her. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com