The House of Representatives is set to commence debate on the general principle of a bill which seeks to remove Local Government from the 1999 Constitution (as amended). The bill was sponsored by Hon Solomon Bob, is awaiting second reading. According to the proposed bill which scaled through the first reading, seen exclusively by Nigerian Tribune, the sponsor seeks to empower State House of Assembly of each of the 36 States of the federation to create Local Government as deemed fit. The proponent of the bill, seeks to amend the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999, 2004 for the removal of Local Government as a tier of Government constitutionally recognized and funded by the Federal Government. The bill further seeks to amend section 3 of the Principal Act by adding to the existing subsection (2) thereof the following provisions “or as may be subsequently created by a relevant law of a State Assembly. He further seeks the deletion of subsection 6, Section 7, Section 8 sub-paragraph (iii) of ‘a’ subsection 1 thereof and deleting sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (a) of subsection 2 thereof, as well as subsection 3 and 4. In the same vein, he proposed the alteration of section 162(3) of the Principal Act by deleting the words “and the Local Government Councils in each State” appearing between the words ‘Governments’ and ‘in line three of subsection 3 thereof. Also, he proposed the deletion of subsections 5, 6, 7 and 8 of Section 162(3) of the Principal Act. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Reps set to consider bill  ;  Reps set to consider bill  ;  Reps set to consider bill  ;  Reps set to consider bill