The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has praised former President Obasanjo as a patriotic leader, global figure and exceptionally energetic administrator, who has made immeasurable contributions, both as a military leader and as democratically elected president, for the survival, unity, stability and development of the nation. A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary or the party on the occasion of Obasnajo’s 84th birthday, on Friday, the party noted that as a military leader, Chief Obasanjo fought for the unity of Nigerians during her turbulent hours as well as making immense personal sacrifices for the return of democratic rule with the birthing of the Second Republic in 1979. The party observed that 20 years after, as a democratically elected president, on the platform of the PDP, Chief Obasanjo further united the nation with the entrenchment of democratic values of all-inclusiveness, rule of law, respect for the constitution, regard for the sensibilities of Nigerians as a people, transparency in governance and establishment of various institutions for good governance in all critical sectors of national life. It added: “Nigerians celebrate President Obasanjo for running a visionary administration, leading to the revamping of our productive sectors, settling of our foreign debts, turning our nation into an international investment destination and elevating her from a pariah and debtor nation to becoming one of the fastest-growing economies of the world under his watch. “Under the Obasanjo-led PDP administration, our nation witnessed most of its best days as Nigerians particularly in the private sector, thrived in all fields, including telecommunication, aviation, banking and finance, education, manufacturing, sports, entertainment, real estate, healthcare both at home and in the international arena. “Our party extols President Obasanjo’s undying sense of patriotism and love for our dear nation for which he has remained fearlessly active in his counsels, directions, admonitions and firm stance against injustice and impunity in the polity, and urges leaders, across the board, to emulate his all-inclusiveness and commitment to the nation.” The PDP congratulated President Obasanjo and prayed to God to grant him many more years in good health for the benefit of the nation and humanity at large. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE PDP salutes Obasanjo’s achievements ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos…PDP salutes Obasanjo’s achievements Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided