A former Chairman of Tafa Local Government Area of Niger State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon. Suleiman Ishaya has been reportedly killed by gunmen who also abducted his bereaved wife. Tribune Online gathered that the gunmen invaded Ishaya’s residence on Sunday night in New Bwari Community and stabbed him in the stomach with a knife before shooting him at in close range. Family sources informed journalists on Monday in Minna, the state capital that the gunmen had gained entrance into the house by using a ladder to scale the fence. People around the community said it was only the house of the political leader that was attacked by the fleeing gunmen. A PDP chieftain who would not want his name in the print confirmed that “he was stabbed in the stomach and shot to make sure that he was dead.” The PDP chieftain noted that the attack was not a random attack, adding that the PDP in the state was seeing it as an assassination. The family members and PDP members in the state said that they were yet to hear from the abductors of the bereaved wife of the deceased. The Police Public Relations Officer (PRO), Niger State Police Command, DSP Wasiu Abiodun said the police had commenced investigation into the matter. In a related development, gunmen suspected to be armed bandits attacked Mu’azu Babangida Secondary School in Sarkin Pawa in Munya local government area in the early hours of Monday but the hoodlums did not meet any student in the school. It would be recalled that secondary schools in the state have been shut down by the state government to assess how the security situation can be addressed. Eyewitnesses stated that the bandits invaded the school with over 10 pickup trucks, adding that when they did not meet any student, they ended up beating the security guards in the school. The guards were taken to Sarkin Pawa General hospital for treatment as they were badly injured by the bandits. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!