The Minister of Power, Engr Sale Mamman, has expressed worries over incessant vandalism of electricity installations saying this has continued to hinder the supply of power to communities. He said the Federal Government’s desire under President Muhammadu Buhari is to supply electricity to every community in Nigeria, but the efforts were being constrained by sabotage and willful damage to electrical installations across the country. The Minister spoke while receiving the Paramount Ruler of Ipetu-ijesa Kingdom of Osun State, Oba Samson Adeleke Agunbiade Oke, at the Ministry’s headquarters in Abuja. He particularly expressed sadness over the recent destruction of the power tower supplying electricity to Maiduguri, which was recently restored by the Transmission Company of Nigeria. “This act of desperate and wicked damage of public utilities should not be a justifiable means for any agitation”, he said. To this end, he urged Nigerians to assume ownership of the various electrical installations in their respective communities, to guard against sabotage, vandalisation and natural disasters like erosion and bush burning. “The people should raise alarm and report to security officials whenever they see people tampering with power equipment,” Mamman stated. While also describing power as critical to National development, Engr Sale Mamman, said the Ministry of Power would continue to work harder to improve and sustain the current successes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Attack on power installations hindering electricity supply to communities, says Power Minister Attack on power installations hindering electricity supply to communities, says Power Minister SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.