Bauchi State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed has directed the contractor handling the 24km Dass – Bununu rural road linking two LGAs of Dass and Tafawa Balewa to immediately return to the site to complete the project to specifications or risk legal action after the revocation of the contract. The governor gave the directive on Monday after inspecting the level of execution of the project, warning that the contractor should either return to the site or have the contract revoked without further notice while the amount paid so far will be retrieved. The road project was awarded by the immediate past APC-led administration of former Governor Mohammed Abdullahi Abubakar. Bala Mohammed said that: “Over N800 million had been released to the contractor and up till now there is little or nothing to show for it, only 25 percent of the contract had so far been completed. There is no reason for the contractor handling the road project not to expedite work on the project after being paid N800 million for the project.”  It will be recalled that the governor had last Saturday revoked the contract his administration awarded for the reconstruction of the palace of the district head of Katagum in Zaki Local Government Area of the state for the slow pace of execution. While revoking the contract, Governor Mohammed lamented that the reconstruction of the palace was the first of its kind his administration awarded on the assumption of office. He declared that despite the fact that the contract was awarded to his friend and a member of the ruling People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, he revoked the contract as an issue relating to public fund was involved. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. | Bauchi governor threatens contractor | Bauchi governor threatens contractor | Bauchi governor threatens contractor | Bauchi governor threatens contractor | Bauchi governor threatens contractor Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided