TO further enable its customers to do more conveniently and efficiently, innovative and digitally-led financial institution, Wema Bank, has added more features to its corporate internet banking platform, ALAT For Business. ALAT For Business is the bank’s revamped corporate internet banking platform designed to help customers manage their business account better and stay on top of their finances anywhere. To ensure customers use the platform with ease, Wema Bank has now introduced a debit card. Some of the additional function customers can perform with the corporate debit card include card control, multiple users tracking transactions and the ability to place the card on the ‘hotlist’ if stolen or compromised. Commenting on the exciting new feature, Head, ALAT For Business, Samuel Robson, explained that it was part of Wema Bank’s efforts to make banking easy, efficient and convenient for customers. “Our role as a leading digital bank is to ensure ease and convenience for all our customers while maximizing efficiency in performing transactions. This new Corporate Debit Card function is another leap in the right direction. Our Corporate Debit Cards enable you to pay bills, make purchases and withdrawals,” Robson said. He added that with the new feature, tracking and monitoring of all business transactions will be accessible even for multiple signatory accounts as the administrator will initiate card request and select a user that will be mapped to the card. The new feature on corporate debit cards further cements Wema Bank’s position as an innovative financial institution offering customers more in the “New Normal” era caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided