The Presidency on Wednesday gave the reason why that national leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, is not a frequent face in the presidential villa, Abuja. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), it is not because there is friction between him and President Muhammadu Buhari but because the former Lagos state governor is not a cabinet minister. The statement blamed what it said is an alleged rift between Buhari and Tinubu on cynics, saying that both men remain strong allies committed to the APC towards bringing change. The statement read: “The Presidency wishes to make it clear that there is no rift between President Muhammadu Buhari and his strong ally, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. “The President and the Asiwaju have a very strong commitment to the All Progressives Congress, APC towards bringing CHANGE and this is a commitment they have made to the Nigerian people. “Recent reports of a rift between the two leaders of our party are false; the handiwork of some media mischief-makers. “It is quite unfortunate that certain sections of the media feed on birthing controversies, providing a nexus for naysayers who work behind the scenes planting such stories which are absolutely false. “This administration is aware of pessimists and cynics who willfully spread misinformation to create doubts in the minds of the people about the relationship between its leaders and whether the party will remain intact or not. “There is no doubt that the President and the party are focused on development, peace and security, restructuring of the economy and war against corruption in the country and will not be diverted to anything else. “This desperate attempt to fool the people will not succeed. To President Buhari, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu remains one of the most respected political leaders in the country who has stuck to his principles in the face of all adversities. “He was instrumental to the formation, growth and development of the APC into a formidable political party and the political alliance is waxing even stronger. “If the Asiwaju is not a frequent face in the Aso Rock Villa, it is on account of the fact that he is not a cabinet member of this government. “The fact that he is not every day around the Villa does not make him less of a friend to the President and this administration.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Why Tinubu is not frequent  Why Tinubu is not frequent Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Why Tinubu is not frequent  Why Tinubu is not frequent