Three abducted men including the brother of Haruna Tanko, the Seriki of Sabo Stores at Iyeere area of Osu Atakumosa West Local Government Area of Osun State on Monday regained freedom from the hands of their abductors after being engaged in a fierce battle by a team of policemen, vigilante and hunters group in the state. It will be recalled that the three men were abducted on Sunday and their abductors demanded N50 million from their family members before their freedom could be secured. However, it was gathered that security men, vigilante and the hunters group in the state refused to leave the forest of the kidnappers since the incident happened. This reportedly helped them in securing the freedom of the abductees without the payment of any amount as ransom. The state police commissioner, Olawale Olokode confirmed the release through the state police public relations officer, MrsYemisi Opalola. More details later.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!