A former presidential candidate in the 2019 general elections, and a global energy executive, Mr Gbenga Olawepo-Hashim has described the attack on the Governor of Benue State, Mr Samuel Ortom as a ploy to destabilise the state. He, therefore, demanded that it must thoroughly investigated. In a statement issued to journalists in Abuja, Olawepo-Hashim said the attack on Ortom by armed terrorists numbering about 15 on his farm was an indication that criminal elements have infiltrated the region, posing a threat to law-abiding citizens no matter their status in life. While appealing to Nigerians to tone down their rhetorics and be advocates of peace and harmony, the businessman said such an attack was unacceptable and urged the government to institute a full-scale investigation with a view to bringing the culprits to book. According to him, “Just recently, an elder brother to Senator Gabriel Suswam, a former governor of the state was killed. Such high profile killing and  the recent attempt on the life Governor Ortom was an indication that some people are  not happy with the peaceful order in the state.” “The police must spare no resources to apprehend and bring to justice those who masterminded, planned and executed this assassination attempt. “This assassination attempt further brings to mind the urgency for our call for states police. No chief executive or citizens of any state in our Republic should ever again be left to the mercy of callous increasingly audacious non-state actors,” he said. He noted that an attack on Governor Ortom who holds the symbol of authority of the state, could be likened to a declaration of war on Nigeria and must not be handled with kids glove.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… 