More angry reactions have trailed the decision of police from the Oyo State Command to arraign only Yoruba people in connection with the crisis that broke out in Shasha market in Ibadan last month, with eminent Yoruba leaders condemning the development as “selective, provocative and one tilting towards injustice.” The crisis, it will be recalled, was triggered by the death of a cobbler, Mr Adeola Shakirudeen, whose death was allegedly caused by a Hausa porter. All of the seven people charged to court for the murder on Friday by the police for the crime are Yoruba, prompting the pan Yoruba group, Afenifere, to express shock and disgust at the police for taking side in the matter. Prominent Yoruba leaders and elders, on Saturday, condemned the arraignment of the seven Yoruba people, warning of grave consequences if they are not immediately released on bail, while investigation into the matter is made thorough and devoid of bias. In separate interviews with Sunday Tribune, they queried why the Hausa man who ignited the crisis was not among the seven persons that were arraigned in court on Friday. Yoruba suspects must be released on bail immediately —YCE The Yoruba Council of Elders (YCE), while reacting to the development, expressed shock, noting that it would further deepen ethnic crisis and worsen the already tense situation. The Secretary General of YCE, Dr Kunle Olajide, in an interview with Sunday Tribune on Saturday, called for the immediate release of the seven Yoruba suspects. Calling on the police to conduct a proper investigation, Olajide said that the council was disturbed by the regular pattern of divisive actions by the Muhammadu Buhari administration. He said: “We are very much disturbed about this, because we believe that what should be going on now is the process of reconciliation and healing of the wounds of the Shasha crisis. “A situation where we now find that it is only members of the host community that have been apprehended and remanded in prison custody leaves a very sour taste in the mouth. “As of now, what we expected was that investigation should proceed and the guilty parties or suspected/ alleged culprits, those who incited the mayhem, prosecuted. “But the way in which only Yoruba were arrested and detained immediately by the police would further worsen the situation. “For some time now, we have been particularly disturbed about what appears to be the ethno-religious sentiments purveyed openly by this administration. “We are calling on President Buhari to address the nation and make his stance on these manifest and entrenched injustices known. He should address the nation directly, not through his aides who are always issuing contradictory statements. “The polarisation of the country along ethnic lines by this administration has been very inimical to the unity, progress and development of Nigeria. “YCE insists that those remanded in prison should for now be released on bail immediately. Proper investigations should be conducted and those responsible for the crisis prosecuted, not just focusing on one ethnic group or the host community,” Olajide said. It’s an attempt to humiliate Yoruba nation- Adeniyi Chairman of Council Yoruba Global Alliance, Chief Tola Adeniyi, described the action of the security agencies as an attempt to rubbish and humiliate the Yoruba nation. Viewing the development as “provocative, insulting, inciting and double standards,” Adeniyi urged the security agencies to have a rethink and cast their cast net wide to arrest all aggressors across the Yoruba and Hausa ethnic divide. “How could a morbid fracas allegedly caused by a settler element, known for habitual belligerence, result in the victims being harried to court while the provocateurs were untouched and remain, as usual, untouchable? “The Yoruba nation will no longer tolerate this kind of double standards from the forces that pretend to be nonpartisan while their trajectories prove the contrary. “Those who are preaching peace should realise that there can be no peace where injustice reigns supreme. “Whoever was responsible for taking victims instead of aggressors to court should do a rethink and let those being bedraggled off the hook immediately. This act of reckless impunity must stop,” he said. Oyo govt, obas should rise to defend region-Gani Adams The Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has decried the arraignment of only Yoruba as suspects, wondering how it is possible for one to become criminal suspect while defending himself in his own community. Iba Adams also called on the royal fathers in Oyo State to rise up and join efforts with the state governor, saying “we can’t be intimidated in our region.” “The police are trying to frustrate Amotekun. In Oyo State alone, police have arrested 30 personnel of Amotekun and the governor is helpless. “We are calling Oyo State government to act on this. The Chief Security Officer is the governor. How can an ethnic crisis happen in a community and all suspects will be from one tribe? There is no Hausa/Fulani that was taken to court. “Again, what we got from Ogbomosho is very alarming. If anything happens between Yoruba and Fulani, it is Yoruba people that will be punished by the DPO there. Our obas should rise up to this and not only the governor. We can be intimidated in our region,” he said. Speaking further, Iba noted that he had never heard of Yoruba creating a nuisance in the North by way of kidnapping a Northerner in their region. He urged leaders in positions of authority today to do what is right as posterity would judge them based on the record they leave behind. It’s selective prosecution —Adejumo Also speaking, an academic and politician, Professor Soji Adejumo, described the arraignment of only Yoruba people by the security operatives as very absurd and turning logic on its head. He described the trend of arrest by security agencies as being suspicious, asking that justice and fair play should be applied to everyone irrespective of tribe or other considerations. Rather than arbitrary arrests, Adejumo said since it was a case of civil disorder, a public panel of enquiry should be set up. “The case should be investigated to the roots. It’s a case of civil disorder and a public panel of enquiry should have been setup. “The Northern governors rushed down to intimidate our own governor. Why are the South-West governors never interested in going to the Northern governors to complain about Fulani harassment and destruction of our farmlands and persecution of Yoruba Christians in the North and demand compensation too from the Federal Government? “Chief Olu Falae and other victims were never visited by Northern governors or compensated for Fulani atrocities against them,” Adejumo said. So as not to portray a picture of one-sided prosecution, the president, Yoruba Council of Youths Worldwide, Oladotun Hassan, demanded the arrest of the unknown Hausa man and all other culprits behind the crisis. Without arresting the Northern Hausa-Fulani man, Hassan noted that the ongoing investigation will be presumed to be a well orchestrated move by the Northerners to paint to the Yoruba as evil cause of the insurrection. He called for equitable justice wondering why the police had remained silent over the whereabouts of the Hausa man that had an altercation with the pregnant woman that led to the crisis. “This type of prosecution is one-sided, capable of festering ethnic bigotry war and hatred, while the victims are provoked to resort to self help in other climes. “Nigeria is a secular country, where all citizens are expected to be treated equally, and not with brazen fixation of inequality that the North does no wrongs and born-to-rule syndrome. “We hereby demand the arrest of the unknown Hausa man and all others behind the crisis be earnestly brought to book and judiciously prosecuted under the laws, for no one is above the law. “We have lost confidence in the shoddy manner of prosecution by the Nigeria Police Force of the seven persons in connection with the crisis who are all Yoruba. “Unfortunately, a similar situation that just happened in Ifon town, where the Oba Olufon was killed in a broad day light, yet no one has been arrested in connection with the killing of the Yoruba first-class king till date. But soon afterwards we learnt the Chiefs of Ifon Community in Ondo state were summoned by the Inspector General of Police over the death of cows belonging to the Hausa-Fulani herdsmen. “Perhaps, this calls for sobriety on all reasonable minds to wonder that all is not well with Nigeria,” he said. In his own contribution, the national president, Yoruba Youth Socio-Cultural Association (YYSA), Olalekan Hammed, described as unfair the prosecution of only Yoruba men when the number one suspect had not been apprehended. Hammed said, “For the fact that the killings were allegedly carried out by people of the two tribes, arrest and prosecution should not be one-sided. “This is not the first time such one-sided arrest would be made. It happened in Ile Ife a few years ago,” he said. A former member of the Oyo State House of Assembly, Honourable Segun Ajanaku demanded that all those connected with the crisis, irrespective of tribe, religion or cultural background, must be brought to book in the interest of lasting peace. “Concerning the prosecution of the alleged culprits, I hope the authorities concerned should have done a thorough investigation as to ascertain the level of culpability. If Yoruba are being prosecuted, let›s believe it is persecution. “The governor of the state is a Yoruba man, the event occurred in Yorubaland. If you investigate, most of the investigators may also be Yoruba. “In respect of the Hausa man in question, may be he›s on the run, or he is being shielded. I don›t want to see other tribes as Yoruba enemies; we are our own real enemies. We believe that other tribes are not wise, but they demonstrate more wisdom when it matters more,” he added. Also reacting, the chairman, Osun State Market Women, Mrs Awawu Asindemade, said “any country or society where injustice, tribalism, nepotism, sectionalism and segregation thrive, there would be backwardness.” Hajia Khadijat Aminu, who is a plantain seller at Egbeda market in Lagos, while reacting to the arraignment of the Yoruba traders, described the decision as injustice and unfair treatment. She called on the Oyo State government to correct what she said was capable of creating tribal crisis. For Mama Olu, a tomato trader around Oguntade market at Bammeke under Alimosho Local Government Area of Lagos State, the decision to prosecute only the Yoruba is an invitation to communal crisis. Also, market women and men in Ekiti State expressed displeasure over the development, describing it as unfair.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided