Troops of Operation Whirl Stroke on Wednesday evening engaged gunmen in a duel at Abaji in Shitile axis of Katsina Ala Local Government Area of Benue State. Four persons were reported to have died with some people injured when gunmen suspected to be gang members of the state terror leader, Terwase Akwaza aka Gana, stormed a market in Abaji and shot indiscriminately. The troops were said to have recovered one AK-47 rifle and several ammunitions during the  encounter with the gunmen Locals from the area said that gunmen who were in military uniform rode into the market around 5:00 pm on Wednesday. “As soon as they came into the market they started shooting sporadically leading to the death of two people and some people were injured,”  Dennis, one of the locals told the Nigerian Tribune on the phone. Dennis said that troops of OPWS were alerted and and that they swiftly responded to the distress call. He added that the gunmen engaged the troops in a gun duel while everyone else scampered for safety. “We learned that troops later overpowered the bandits with superior firepower, following which two of the bandits were killed  by the troops while others escaped with gunshot wounds and  one of the soldiers was said to have been injured during the encounter.” Confirming the attack, the chairman of the local government, Alfred Atera said that the gunmen were in military uniform and rode into the market. According to Atera, “the gunmen were camouflage in military uniform and I think why they do that is because there is curfew in this area and only security men are allowed to ride on motorcycles. “So they camouflaged in army uniform and rode on motorcycles into Abaji market between 4 – 5 pm and started shooting sporadically.” As at the time of filing this report, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) DSP Catherine Anene said she was expecting the report. Efforts to get the force commander of OPWS, Major General Adeyemi Yekini were not successful as his cell phone number could not be reached at the time of filing this report. 