Two persons, Baoku Gbuyi (29), a herbalist and Olamide Odulaja (27), have been arrested by men of the Ogun State Police Command, in connection to the killing of a housewife, Modupeola Folorunso and her four-year-old son, Peter, for ritual purpose. They were arrested following a report by the husband of the deceased on February 14, 2021, at the Ijebu- Igbo division of the command, that his wife and son were missing. In a statement by the State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said that the Divisional Police Officer, Ijebu-Igbo, SP Kazeem Solotan, directed his crack detectives to unravel the mystery surrounding the sudden disappearance of the mother and son when an effort by the complainant to locate them proved abortive. The PPRO informed that the detectives embarked on a technical and intelligent based investigation, which led to the arrest of Olamide Odulaja at Ibadan. Oyeyemi said the Odulaja in his confession told Police operatives that, it was the herbalist who burnt the woman’s head which he used in the ritual. He added that Odulaja’s confession prompted the detectives to search for the herbalist who resides on Araromi Street, Japara Ijebu Igbo. However, the herbalist had taken to his heels having discovered that the police have arrested his accomplice. Oyeyemi said: “During interrogation, Odulaja confessed that he and one herbalist abducted the victim and her son on February 13, 2021, and that the victim and her son were killed for money ritual at the house of the said herbalist. “Subsequently, all the adjoining divisions were alerted to be on the lookout for the fleeing suspect. “He was eventually traced to Kajola village, where he was arrested by the Divisional Police Officer, Awa Ijebu with the assistance of hunters and local vigilantes. “On interrogation, the herbalist confessed that it was Odulaja who approached him for the money-making ritual following which he asked him to bring a head of human being as one of the materials to be used. “He stated further that they both conspired to abduct the woman and her son and slaughtered them for that purpose. “He confessed further that he burnt the woman’s head with some other herbs which he gave to Odulaja to use. “When asked about the little boy, he said that his head and remains were dumped inside a pit latrine.” Meanwhile, the state Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, who commended his men for their display of investigative intelligence has ordered the immediate transfer of the case to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation and diligent prosecution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday…Herbalist, bricklayer in Police net over killing of mother, son in Ogun Herbalist, bricklayer in Police net over killing of mother, son in Ogun Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng