Yobe State governor and National Chairman, All Progressives Congress Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Mai Mala Buni, has joined other eminent Nigerians and chieftains of his party to felicitate former Lagos State governor, Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on the occasion of the latter 69 birthday. An elaborate event to commemorate the occasion is fixed for Monday in Kano State. Governor Buni in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Abuja described Tinubu as a man of excellence, a true democrat and a great leader. He further described the former Lagos State governor as a man who has no doubt dedicated his life to the service of humanity, promotion of good governance, growth and development of democracy in Nigeria. “As a Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is passionate about the future of the people, as a developmental democrat, he is a proponent of due process and rule of law. His humble and humane disposition made him a great philanthropist. The APC family is so proud of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu many achievements.” The Chairman of the APC CECPC prayed “to Almighty God to grant Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu many more prosperous years, good health, strength and wisdom to continue serving humanity.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…APC felicitates Tinubu at 69 Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…APC felicitates Tinubu at 69 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!