The Catholic Diocese of Jalingo on Monday donated a borehole to Tuyebubong community in Zing local government area of Taraba State. Most Rev. Charles Hamawa, Bishop of the Diocese noted at the ceremony that the project was part of the outreach program of the diocese aimed at addressing the peculiar needs of the people as a way of preaching the gospel practically. According to him, “this community has been without a reliable source of potable water for centuries and so the diocese has decided to take it up upon itself to reach out to them through the Justice, Human Development and Peace Initiative of the Church. “It is so sad that over 26 million Nigerian children do not have access to potable water and are experiencing high or extremely high water vulnerability according to the UNICEF. This is totally unacceptable and we must work hard to change the narrative. “As a church, we have a mandate to preach the gospel to the ends of the earth and there is no better way of doing it than meeting the practical needs of the people. “While the national figures stand at one in every five Nigerian children lacking access to potable water to satisfy their daily needs, in this particular community, the figure stands at one in every ten. That means most of the children lack access to potable water and that has adversely affected their education and other life endeavours. “With this project, however, we hope that most of their water challenges would have been taken care of, I urge the community to take up the protection of this facility and its maintenance seriously,” Hamawa said. Rev Fr Stephen Bakare, the Diocese coordinator of JDPC disclosed at the event that the borehole was the third being commissioned since the Diocese has embarked on the rural water challenge project in Zing local government area and several others across communities in the state. According to him, the move is to alleviate the plight of the people especially the school children who have to face extreme hardship for lack of portable water. Mr. Francis Shongong, a community leader who spoke on behalf of the people thanked the church for the intervention, disclosing that for over 100 years of the community’s existence, the people have never had access to potable water and have been drinking from the same pond with livestock especially during the dry season. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…