Britain’s Prince Philip has returned to Windsor Castle after an almost one-month stay in the hospital, Buckingham Palace said, on Tuesday. Philip, 99, was discharged “following treatment for an infection and a successful procedure for a pre-existing condition,” said Buckingham Palace in a statement. The statement expressed thanks to all the medical staff who looked after Philip “and everyone who has sent their good wishes.” Local media said this was Philip’s longest-ever in hospital – 28 nights in total. Philip, who turns 100 in June, was treated at two hospitals in London separately for his heart condition and infection. The exact reason for his initial admission was not disclosed, but it was not related to coronavirus, according to Buckingham Palace. He was first admitted on Feb 16 as a “precaution” after feeling unwell. Prince Charles visited his father in the hospital last month and spent about 30 minutes together. Philip retired from public duties in 2017 and rarely appears in public. He has been staying with Queen Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle since COVID-19 restrictions were first introduced in the country last year. Last month, Buckingham Palace confirmed that Queen and Philip had both received their first dose of coronavirus vaccine. To bring life back to normal, countries such as Britain, China, Germany, Russia, and the United States have been racing against time to roll out coronavirus vaccines. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…UK’s Prince Philip returns 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…UK’s Prince Philip returns Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng