There’s no lie in the fact that cryptocurrency had been long ago considered as a fraud, scam, or incredible investment, but today cryptocurrency has taken the world by storm through its exceptional benefits and profitable results. The fundamental reason behind countless successes and rise in interest of investors is the blockchain technology used to run it. From basic bank loans to traditional stock markets; there’s no financial area left that is not impacted by the wonders of cryptocurrency. Where on one hand it has been a major profitable source of income while on the other hand, its high-volatility has severely disturbed numerous financial assets from many aspects. Whether you’re starting a small-scale business or converting your small scale to a giant multinational company, you would surely need huge profitable investments that will become a pain in the back for you. Why Stock Market is Not the Best Source of Investment Anymore? The stock market was once used to top the list of best investments but it won’t be wrong to claim that today cryptocurrency has set the bar much higher. With yielding around $1 trillion market capitalization from its largest crypto-bitcoin, cryptocurrency can now undoubtedly be called a safe, reliable, and high profit yielding investment source that is a huge threat to the stock market. Although, it has not spent as many years as stocks have spent in the traditional market but has still managed to give the market a new course of thinking, considering, and implementing money rules. To simply put, here are more reasons that will assure you that cryptocurrency has taken over the stock market. The dollar has always been believed as a trustworthy, reliable, and hassle-free reservoir for a global currency. Not too late that the frequent changes in dollar prices have disturbed the currency flow in many financial markets all around the globe. The best example of this statement is the recent 2008 global financial crisis that spread like wildfire in the US and left numerous investors either bankrupt or with huge mortgages. This made investing in stock trading difficult and provided a way to cryptocurrency ground its feet. Cryptocurrency basically refers to the digital currency that is traded digitally with online traders present all over the world. This global exposure offered by cryptocurrency makes it as credible, profitable, recognized as the stock trading is today. People have blind trust in the reliability of stock trading because of its years of experience and immense contribution to the financial states of every individual, company, business, and who not. Similarly, cryptocurrency is today working as a rescuer for thousands of people struggling financially. Cryptocurrency serves remarkably because of its flexibility, feasibility, and easy accessibility at any hour of the day. You can anytime use your digital currency from the respective crypto wallet without reaching out to any bank or including middlemen interference. This is a big plus point against stock trading that requires you to wait for a minimum of 2-3 days until the trade settles and your request for your stocks withdrawal. This is why numerous investors prefer trading cryptocurrency for instant, speedy, efficient, and error-less transactions of your digital money. Being a progressive digital currency, cryptocurrency is globally appreciated for its new upgrades, ever-changing trends and introduction of ideas to offer people more ease with their money. Stock trading runs by a common system known as initial public offering whereas cryptocurrency has launched its initial coin offering feature that allows companies to invest, making daily transactions, and release payments in the form of crypto. After the arrival and extensive use of this helpful feature, various renowned companies like Tesla, Grayscale, Galaxy have shared huge investments in cryptocurrency, marking the history of the biggest bitcoin portfolios. Conclusion: We live in an extremely financially uncertain world where things can change in an eye’s blink without even letting anyone know. A digital currency that used to scare nearly everyone has now taken huge tolls in defeating famous traditional markets like stock trading. To further know the relationship between stock and crypto, head on to the Bitcoin Equaliser– an automated trading platform to see the fine line difference and similarities in both the financial assets. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com