THE Court of Appeal, sitting in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) has voided the recently appointed public Trustee from taking over the administration of the Nigeria Civil Service Union (NCSU), pending the determination of an appeal that had been filed by the union, already before it. The court in its ruling presided over by Hon. Justice A. A. Adumien, asked the parties, including the Public Trustee, Mr Ubani, to maintain status quo ante until the determination of the appeal. President of the National Industrial Court of Nigeria (NICN), the Honourable Justice B. B. Kanyip, had late last year appointed Mr Monday O. Ubani, Esq., of Ubani & Co., as Public Trustee to run the affairs of NCSU, which is Nigeria’s oldest industrial union, following the court’s nullification of the union’s January 2018 national delegates conference. Ubani had resumed at the union’s Wuse Zone 6 headquarters in January but had since then faced resistance from the Comrade Lawrence Amechi leadership of the union which argued that it was illegal for the court to appoint a Public Trustee while the case was on record to be on appeal. Justice Kanyip, who signed Mr Ubani’s appointment letter, dated December 29, 2020, stated that his (Ubani) appointment was sequel to the order contained in the judgment delivered on October 25, 2019, by His lordship, the Honourable Justice Sanusi Kado of the Abuja Judicial Division of the NIC in the suit between Comrade Benson Ekasa and one other vs Comrade Kiri Mohammed (the then National President of NCSU). However, at the recent sitting of the Appeal Court, the three-man panel of justices held that the lower court erred in appointing a Public Trustee while appeal had already been entered in the matter. The matter was then adjourned till Monday, March 15, 2021, for further hearing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com