Former Governor of Enugu State and Senator representing Enugu East in the Senate, Senator Chimaroke Nnamani, has lamented over the demise of a foremost political leader in the state, Dr Joe Nwodo. Senator Nnamani said the death of Dr Nwodo has created a huge void in the political landscape of Enugu State and beyond. In his condolence message to the Nwodo family of Enugu State yesterday, Senator Nnamani noted that the late senior scion of the Nwodo dynasty was an ebullient political leader with admirable charisma, intellect and candour. He added: “Dr Nwodo was a great scholar and engaging orator. He was an extraordinary intellectual and a renowned constitutional lawyer who stood to be counted when it mattered.” The former governor pointed out that the late Nwodo was one of the dependable elder statesmen who worked for the peace, unity and development of Enugu State. In late Dr Nwodo, Sen Nnamani noted, “Enugu State and indeed Nigeria have both lost a political colossus and unrepentant nationalist who believed in the sanctity of our unity as one nation under God.” He urged the government and people of Enugu State to take solace in the fact that late Dr Nwodo lived an exemplary life and left indelible footprints in the sand of time. Senator Nnamani added that the only way to immortalize Dr Nwodo is to uphold his ideals of a peaceful society where equity, justice and fairness remain the guiding principles in all aspects of our national life. Late Dr Nwodo was a frontline presidential aspirant under the defunct National Republican Convention (NRC) in the ill-fated Third Republic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday…Senator Nnamani mourns Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Senator Nnamani mourns Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com