A couple, Tokunbo Adejinmi and Modupe Adejinmi, has appeared before Oja Oba/ Mapo C ourt C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Tokunbo who dragged his wife to court alleged that she was troublesome, stubborn, adulterous and cruel. He told the court that his wife was indifferent to their children’s welfare and that she kept late nights. According to him, he fainted after his wife hit him on the head with the heel of her shoe which was pointed. Tokunbo stated that she moved out of his house six years ago. The plaintiff begged the court to dissolve their union and grant him custody of their children. Modupe gave her consent to divorce. The defendant stated that her husband was irresponsible and that he was in the habit of beating her. She explained that she hit her husband with the shoe as a form of self defence. Tokunbo while giving his evidence told the court that: “My wife is full of atrocities. She is stubborn and always insisted on having her way. “Modupe refused to take instructions from me and sought every opportunity to fight me. She was in the habit of raising her voice at me which always drew the attention of neighbours to us. “My lord, my wife is adulterous and such a woman can kill. She was in the habit of hanging out with different men and would return home late in the night. “Modupe refused to be a good example to our children. We regularly fought over her indecent act which was embarrassing to me. “She once returned home late as was her normal practice and snubbed me when I demanded to know where she was coming from. “I was mad with her and this resulted in a brawl. “My lord, before I knew it, my wife picked up one her high heeled shoe and hit me on the head with the pointed edge. “I was soaked in the pool of my blood which gushed out from the spot Modupe hit me on the head. “I fainted because I lost too much blood. I was rushed to the hospital and my head was stitched. “She moved out of my house because she was not ready to change. “My lord, I have never shirked my responsibility towards our children. I ensure that they eat well and also enrolled them in a good school. “I plead with the court to award me their custody so that I can raise and inculcate the right values in them,” the plaintiff begged. “My lord, I admit to claim. I agree that you separate us, “Modupe stated. “Tokunbo treated me like his slave. He derived pleasure beating and slapping me in the presence of our children. “I got fed up with the rash manner at which he was treating me and hit him with my shoe. “I didn’t mean to hurt him. I was only defending myself,” she explained. Ruling after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, pronounced their marriage dissolved. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ANALYSIS: One Year After Index Case, Nigeria Yet To Meet COVID-19 Testing Target One year after Nigeria recorded its first COVID-19 index case, the country has not been able to meet its testing target. On February 27, 2020, Nigeria’s first index case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos. This was the first reported case in Sub-Saharan Africa. An Italian, who had just returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020, was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), and managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there.WAEC cancels Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…WAEC cancels Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided