Equities investors earn N178 billion, on Monday, as the local bourse opens the week on positive sentiments as the market capitalisation records N20.26 trillion. The Nigerian Stock Exchange All Share Index gained 0.89 per cent to stand at 38,722.87 basis points. The bulls also maintained their grip on the market breadth as 26 counters in the gainers’ chart were matched with eight counters in the losers’ chart. Specifically, Stanbic, Julius Berger, UACN, John Holt and International Breweries were the best-performing stocks in the Monday session as they topped the gainers. Conversely, the losers’ chart was topped by Champion Breweries, Jaiz Bank, Japaul Gold, Chi PLC and Learn Africa. Most sectoral indices closed in tandem with the ASI, save for the Banking sectors it lost 0.01 per cent as NSE ASEM closes flat. Market activity as measured by both volume and value of trades however declined. Daily traded volume stood at 277 million units, a 4.60 per cent decrease from a volume of 291 million units recorded in the previous trading session. Value of traded stocks also close in tandem with the volume as the value of trades decreased by 24 per cent to stand at N3.053 billion as against a value of N4.018 billion recorded in the previous trading session. Union Bank of Nigeria topped the volume charts as the most traded stock on the back of a N0.25 kobo dividend declaration, it was flanked by Guaranty Trust Bank, FBN Holdings, Zenith Bank and Transnational Corporation to complete the list of the five most traded stocks in terms of volume. With regards to the value of trades, Guaranty Trust Bank, Zenith Bank, Union Bank of Nigeria, Dangote Cement and FBN Holdings made up the top five performers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Equities market opens week with N178bn gain