The Osun State police command has arrested one suspect in connection with the killing of the six persons in Wasinmi near Ikire, Osun State last Saturday night. The suspect is currently being quizzed at the State Criminal Investigation Department of the police command. Also, the state government has promised to compensate the bereaved family of those killed by the gunmen. The chairman of peaceful coexistence between the herders and farmers in the state, Toogun Mudasiru who made this known in an interview in Osogbo, added that one of the family members who escaped the brutality of the evil perpetrators but sustained injury is now being attended to medically. He hinted further that all efforts would be made by the state police command to bring the perpetrators of the act to book as the state government and the police are working towards this. Toogun assured that the evildoers would not go scot-free as security men are already on their toes to apprehend all of them in no distant time. Meanwhile, the state police commissioner CP Olawale Olokode has also assured that all the perpetrators of the act would be apprehended and would be made to face the wrath of the law. Speaking through the command public relations officer, the commissioner said the command would not relent in making sure the state becomes a crime-free one. A top police officer who preferred anonymity at the state CID, however, confirmed that the arrested suspect is now helping the police on its investigation on the matter.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng