Operatives of the Anambra State Police Command on Sunday successfully repelled yet-to-be-identified hoodlums who attempted to attack and possibly burn down an outpost in the state. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, DSP Ikenga Tochukwu, revealed this in a press statement in Awka. Tochukwu said with relish that the police operatives stood their ground and ward off the unwarranted attack on Mgbakwu Police Outpost, Awka North LGA, in the early morning hours of Sunday, March 21, 2021. He said that the hoodlums were armed with guns and dangerous weapons and had actually attempted to burn down the station before they were repelled by the personnel on duty. The Commissioner of Police (CP), M.B Kuryas, has assured Ndi Anambra that the command is not deterred by the criminal actions of some unscrupulous individuals and groups hell-bent on fomenting and unleashing violence and mayhem in the state. He reiterates that the command will not relent in its commitment to delivering on its mandate of ensuring that peace, safety and order reign supreme in all nooks and crannies of Anambra State. The CP has, however, warned the criminals not to test any further the resolve and ability of the police and other security agencies in the state to apprehend and bring them to book. He called on Ndi-Anambra to, in unity, speak-out against the unwholesome and unwarranted criminal attack on security agencies and critical infrastructure in the state. He also urged the good people of the state to avail the security agencies with information that will lead to the arrest and prosecution of the rampaging criminal elements. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng