Renowned Islamic Scholar, Sheik Abubakar Gumi has said those who instigated civil war where millions of people were killed were pardoned why not do the same to bandits. He also said for Nigeria to get out of banditry and achieve peace, the bandits must be forgiven. Sheikh Gumi, a self-appointed peacemaker between the bandits and the government pointed out that “even those that instigated civil war, the civil war that millions of people died, were pardoned. “I see no reason why we can not accept their (bandits) repentance and give them amnesty.” He further argued that: “You ask why do we give them amnesty but they told us specifically that they are ready to drop their arms and they don’t want to be pursued with legal actions after they repented.” He continued that “if the country could pardon coup plotters who committed treasonable offences in the era of military administration, the bandits can as well enjoy similar forgiveness even better under democratic rule.” He made this known on Thursday in Kaduna while expressing his reservation over the statement made against him by Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN). The Islamic scholar insisted that had not betrayed soldiers of Christian faith before the bandits when he visited them in the forests in Niger State. According to him, he was misunderstood by CAN because the video that went viral about his discussion with the bandits was distorted and the actual message was manipulated. Gumi explained: “These people in the bush who have taken arms, they are criminals. I wonder who is not a criminal. Since Nigeria forgave coup plotters, forgave those that killed. Even those that instigated civil war; civil war that millions of people died, I see no reason why we can not accept their repentance. “Since that is the bottle-neck and it is only the federal government that can give them that leverage. “And strangely we found out that they are victims too. They were victims of profiling. So many of them were arrested and punished just for looking like herdsmen. “Nigerians should embrace each other and live in peace. We should not try to do anything that will cause havoc. I will also call on the press to desist from sensational reporting because this nation is already in flames. “You should be very careful in what you report. What you see. Continue reporting responsibly and you should not stir the Christian brethren who are known to be peaceful and law-abiding. We have been together for long and nobody can separate us, we should learn to live together in peace.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided