Assailants on Sunday morning killed a 55-year-old woman identified as Mrs Eunice Omaye Odoba in Otukpo area of Benue State, the wife of a pastor at Lord’s Chosen Church. Mrs Odoba, according to her younger brother, Adoba Mac was stabbed in the chest by her assailants. The incident according to her brother happened at her residence at Perfect Avenue in the Otukpo area of the state. It was gathered that before her death, Mrs Odoba had attended a meeting with her family members on the fateful Sunday and had to rush home to attend the Sunday service but was killed. The mother of three whose husband is a pastor at Lord’s Chosen Church was said to be living alone when she met her death. Her husband was said to have gone on a mission to Equitorial Guinea while the children, two boys and one girl were said to be staying outside Otukpo. Narrating what happened, the deceased younger brother, Adoba Mac and cousin, Ude Adole, who spoke to Tribune Online on the phone said that her corpse was discovered when the church members did not see her in the church and decided to check on her at home. According to Mac, “We had a family meeting around 5:30 am yesterday and this my sister was at the meeting. “When we finished the family meeting around 6:30 am yesterday (Sunday), she said she was rushing to go to church and I am the one who took her on my motorcycle and dropped her at a junction to her house and we parted. “Only for me to receive a call from someone who was working around her house around 3:00 pm (the area is just being developed) that I should rush down to my sister’s house. “On getting there I saw some of her church members, (she attended Lord’s Chosen Church) who I later learnt said that they did not see her in the church which is very unusual and they decided to check her at home.” Mac  further said, “I saw her lying down in the pool of her blood and discovered that she was stabbed at the topmost part of her breast.” The brother explained that the deceased had three children, two males and a female, adding that while the only girl of the woman is a student of School of Nursing, Enugu, one of the male children is a youth corp member and the other a banker in Abuja. Mac said that the husband left for a mission trip in Equatorial Guinea in February, this year. It was gathered that men of  Nigerian Police, Otukpo Division evacuated her remains and deposited at the morgue. When contacted, the State Command spokesperson DSP Catherine Anene said she was yet to receive the report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!