IN joining the rest of the world to commemorate the World Water Day (WWD) on March 22, 2020, the Federal Government beat its chest over its efforts in providing safe drinking water. At a press conference organised to mark the event in Abuja, the Minister of Water Resources, Engineer Suleiman H. Adamu, enumerated the administration’s achievements to include the establishment of eight functional water analysis laboratories, construction of dams, and irrigation projects. The few state governments that deigned to speak on the pitiable state of affairs in the sector merely offered platitudes, while others took the escapist route of keeping sealed lips. Sadly, this year was no different. The theme of this year’s celebration was Valuing Water. It was meant to underscore the “enormous and complex value of water for households, food, culture, health, education, economics and the integrity of the natural environment.” Sadly, in Nigeria, most homes and organisations, including governments, still create their own sources of water supply. Ubiquitous scenes of animals sharing water sources with humans, and of mothers and children drinking water from totally unhygienic and polluted streams and rivers littered with putrid waste, subsist.  Millions of urban dwellers rely on water vendors with curious sources of water supply to sustain themselves, with grave implications for health and the ecosystem. In the main, leadership ineptitude and wickedness are the factors depriving the people of such a critical utility that was once taken for granted in most parts of the country in the era that followed Independence. Whereas huge funds are appropriated annually for the maintenance and provision of water facilities, there is nothing tangible to justify the humongous expenditure. This is due to pervasive corruption. The embarrassing pictures of people in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) drinking muddy water published on March 22, the World Water Day, constitute an irony given the availability of raw water everywhere in the country. Water is literally everywhere, but there is none fit to drink. Nigerians are regularly treated to a salad of lame excuses, especially by state commissioners for water, and water corporations, the usual excuse being the lack of funds for reticulation. Officials of the ministries, departments and agencies saddled with the provision of clean water across all levels are masters in the art of grandstanding, self-adulation and window dressing. Water vendors have been emboldened to extort the citizenry in their bid to procure safe water. The populace is constantly made more vulnerable to illnesses and diseases, including typhoid and cholera. Precious human hours that ought to be deployed in other productive ventures are wasted by citizens in their desperate search for quality water. Indeed, the country is rated abysmally with a score of 12 per cent in the area of quality water, compared to Benin Republic and Niger Republic with 89 per cent and 60 per cent respectively. In fact, it is estimated that close to half of the Nigerian population has no access to safe drinking water. Truth be told, the water crisis has been worsened by Nigerians’ resignation to fate. The situation requires vehement demands by the citizenry. The government must not be allowed to continue inflicting avoidable hardship, deaths and disabilities on Nigerians through the non-provision of potable water. Public officials need to be kept permanently on their toes. In this regard, the media and advocacy groups should help to raise public awareness on the current anomaly. Water is life. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.