No fewer than eight persons lost their lives in separate fire incidents in Kano for the month of February while 59 others were rescued, the state Fire Service said. According to a statement made available on Thursday by the Fire Service Public Relations Officer, Sai’du Muhammad Ibrahim, the command also saved 111 lives from the different incident in the state. The statement also said in the month of February under review, the victims suffered a combined loss, valued at N11, 325.000 while the Fire Service received 13 false alarms. He further disclosed that the Fire Service within the same period received emergency calls from 27 different fire stations as well the incident of those who drowned in a pond within Kano metropolis and Local Government Areas. He added that the Fire Service in the month of February succeeded in saving properties valued at over N180,278,000. He said: “We are using this opportunity to advise members of the general public to always handle fire with care so as to avoid inferno. Members of the public are also to abide by the traffic rules and regulations so as to avert road accidents. “Also, parents are advised to be vigilant on their children’s movement, especially to prevent them from local swimming in ponds or river. We should also stop our kids from playing near wells or fetching water from a well.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided