The Oyo State police command has called on members of the public to come forward with evidence that will aid its ongoing investigation of the notorious Fulani, Iskilu Wakili. In a statement by the command’s spokesperson, Gbenga Fadeyi, the police stressed that such pieces of evidence will go a long way in aiding the establishment of watertight evidence for the purpose of diligent prosecution of Wakili. The police however assured of diligent investigation and prosecution, noting that the State Criminal Investigation Department (CID) had commenced a discreet investigation into the case of Wakili and the other two suspects. The statement described as unfounded and baseless allegations that the police detained complainants who report any case against Fulani herdsmen and take money from them before granting them bail. The statement read, “The Oyo State Police Command would like to inform the general public that sequel to the arrest of  Iskilu Wakili and two (2) other persons and subsequent transfer to State Criminal Investigation Department, (CID), Iyaganku Ibadan, discreet investigation on the suspects has commenced. “Consequent upon this, seasoned detectives have since commenced investigating Wakili and his suspected accomplices. The Command wishes to invite members of the public who have corroborating evidence against them to appear, this will go a long way in ensuring that watertight evidence is established for the purpose of diligent prosecution. “The CP wishes to state that the Police command is more than ever willing to partner with members of the public in prompt response to complaints and intelligence gathered, hence, members of the public are enjoined not to relent in rendering prompt and accurate information void of any form of social colouration with the police as we collectively birth the peaceful Oyo State of our dreams.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng