The newly-launched ZenBook Flip S (UX371EA) by ASUS, has been described as a premium-end 2 in 1 ultrabook that can also transform into a full-fledged tablet with a stylus. Despite this unique form factor, the ZenBook Flip S (UX371EA) does not feel bulky. It is, in fact, one of the lightest and most powerful portable computers at the moment. The ASUS ZenBook Flip S, according to a statement from the company, is an extremely well-designed device that comes with a 4K OLED display. Using a Red Copper diamond-cut on a Black Matte finish body, the device has hues of the colour Gold on the hinge, edges around the screen and the chassis. The lid has concentric ring patterns with ASUS logo on the left. “The lightweight ultrabook, merely 1.2kgs, is very sleek at 14mm thickness and can easily fit in a bag; portable and easy to carry around without worrying about any noticeable weight in the bag. “The laptop features a 360 ErgoLift hinge design which enables the display to be flipped to any position. This allows the ZenBook Flip S (UX371EA) to turn into a 2-in-1 convertible laptop, with a screen that can be swivelled full 360-degree. “Once the display is flipped back, the laptop can be used in different modes, including a tablet with touch and pen support. This can also be used as a simple laptop, placed on a desk or lap while on the go. “This feature ensures that there is sufficient airflow for the device’s heat management. Though almost unnoticeable, the design also lifts the keyboard a bit to raise the typing position. Asus has tested the hinge for over 20,000 open/close cycles to clear any doubt around durability,” the statement added. Asus ZenBook Flip S (UX371EA), the company said, comes with an edge-to-edge keyboard design and that it is backlit to ensure smooth typing even in dark environments. The keys, it added, are well-spaced and do not squeeze. The keypad is integrated into the touchpad with NumberPad 2.0, an LED-illuminated numeric keypad. The touchpad functions smoothly and is glass covered for added protection. Brightness regulator and a calculator that pops-up with a simple touch and gestures are smart controls available on the touchpad. “Considering its slim form factor, Flip S (UX371EA) also offers a lot of connectivity options, two Thunderbolt 4 USB Type-C port, one USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A port and a standard HDMI port. The ports offer “ultrafast speeds” and also support USB-C Power Delivery. The notebook also gets support for connecting external 4K UHD displays and provide up to 40 Gbps data-transfer speeds for high-performance peripherals. On the right edge is the power button while the LED indicator is placed on the left edge. The laptop comes with USB Type-C to 3.5mm dongle for those who want to use a 3.5mm audio device with the device. “As for the display, the ASUS ZenBook Flip S features a 13.3-inch 4K OLED touchscreen with support for a high resolution of 3840 x 2160 pixels. The display offers high colour reproduction with 100 per cent DCI-P3 colour gamut coverage. This OLED panel is calibrated to accurately reproduce colours in a 3D colour volume – ensuring that the panel covers 100 per cent DCI-P3 colour gamut regardless of the brightness level. Also, the panel features a high 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio and is certified to supports up to 500 nits of brightness and 0.0005 nits of deep black levels for an immersive viewing experience. “Content, both videos and images on this 4k resolution screen are sharp and rich. Viewing angles are fine and the screen is bright enough to use even in the broad daylight. For movies and game lovers, when it comes to the display, size and quality of the panel, the ASUS ZenBook Flip S emerges as an ideal choice with decent viewing angles. “”The hardware inside the ZenBook Flip S is also equally impressive. This new laptop packs within its sleek frame the latest 11th Generation Intel Core Tiger Lake processors – i7-1165G7 CPU. If purchased for general use, the Flip S (UX371E) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…