As part of its continuous effort to catalyse the growth and sustainability of Small and Medium-Scale businesses in Nigeria and Africa, United Bank for Africa (UBA) Plc will be hosting its next business series on Wednesday, March 17th, 2021. The UBA Business Series, which is held quarterly, is a capacity building initiative where professional business leaders share insights on best business practices and how entrepreneurs can build a sustainable business empire especially in a challenging business environment in Africa, aggravated by the COVID 19 pandemic. In this edition, which will be held via Microsoft Teams, UBA will host the founder, Accounting Hub, Chioma Ifeanyi-Eze, a seasoned accountant with years of experience across multinationals, including PWC. Ifeanyi-Eze will be speaking on budgeting and forecasting for business growth and will give tips to business owners and intending start-ups on practical ways to ensure their businesses survive and thrive and essential strategies on how to recover and mitigate losses especially in these difficult operating environments in Africa and beyond The open event will be held virtually by 2pm WAT and interested participants can register via this link: http://bit.ly/UBASMEWorkshopMarch2021 UBA’s Group Head, Consumer and Retail Banking, Sampson Aneke, who spoke ahead of the event, said that far beyond banking services, UBA is interested in ensuring that customers and entrepreneurs run businesses that can stand the test of time, adding that the Business Series, will assist to arm business leaders with all the knowledge and experience required to take their businesses to the next level. He said, “Even in this period of the pandemic, it is interesting to note that some businesses are still making it big. How? you will ask, these are some of the questions we will address in our seminar on Wednesday. “Chioma Ifeanyi Eze, who is experienced in every sense of the word is willing to share insight with others on ways to grow their business and put it on firm footing as we try to move beyond this pandemic. I will advise everyone to tune in, even if you do not have a business, it is an opportunity to learn something new,” Aneke said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng