The Federal Government has been advised to include the teaching of etiquette in basic and secondary schools in the country to help students to imbibe good manners. Etiquette coach and entrepreneur, Etienying Akpanusong, made the call at the weekend during the public presentation of her new book, which seeks to help young and old people nurture good behaviour. The author of the book ‘‘My Etiquette and I,’’ said education is worthless without civility, adding that a disciplined individual cannot help but become a disciplinarian in the home and office. Underscoring the need for young people to learn good manners from an early age, the author and entrepreneur quoted Clarence Thomas, an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States and the second African-American to serve on the court, saying: ”Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.” The writer, who is a graduate of Mechanical Engineering from the University of Uyo, said by applying decorum and encouraging mutual respect under any circumstance, human relations can be improved, thereby fostering peaceful coexistence and harmony in personal, social and professional lives even in the toughest of days. ”Since no one is above mistakes, it also means no one is above learning especially when it comes to soft skills which are very essential but fast diminishing in today’s world. ”For anyone who is seeking personal refinement, ‘‘My Etiquette and I’’, is the guide that they need. ‘‘By reading the book and abiding by the basic principles of etiquette that has been expressed you are on your journey to becoming a more refined version of yourself and a distinguished member of the society who will stand out of a crowd,’’ she told the audience at the Shehu Musa Yar’Adua Centre, Abuja. Ms Akpanusong is the founder of an Abuja based finishing School, ”Etiquette with Eti”.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!