THE country’s aviation sector is about to witness the first Drone Technology Conference and exhibition, DRONTECX that will open up the opportunities inherent in the emerging field. Key players across the country’s aviation sector are expected to rub minds at the business summit with a view to helping among others in closing cargo operational capacity gaps in the aviation sector, improve cargo revenue, link the chain of aero logistics to national agro export projects and open Nigeria to the emerging opportunities in drone technology. The Airport Business Summit on Cargo & Aero Logistics and Drone Technology Expo being organised by the Chairman of Airport Business Summit group, Mr Fortune Idu, is holding between May 10 and 13, 2021 at the NIGAV Expo Centre of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport. Drone, Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) or Remotely Piloted Aircraft System (RPAS) is beginning to gain enormous presence in almost all aspects of daily operations with the global drone market growing at an astronomical CAGR of 13.5 per cent and predicted to hit $80 billion in 2026 opening opportunities for hundredth of thousands of jobs. Civil application for this technology has become limitless covering; delivery, logistics, agriculture, construction, safety, rescue, humanitarian mission, environment monitoring, security, videography, mapping and applicable in all industries and commerce. Idu described the event as an offshoot of the airport business summit which has created Aero cargo and logistics conference while the drone expo which forms part of the NIGAV centre event as mandated by the agreement with the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) to use NIGAV centre to drive Africa event and locate them within the corridor of the international airport. Commenting on the development, the Chairman of the Airport Business Summit declared “Our projection is that in five years the UAV and autonomous vehicle industry will experience exponential growth in Nigeria and Africa. The growth opportunities in the drone services and software segment are huge for Nigeria but great planning and developing the market required” “With many countries such as India, USA, UAE liberalising the application of drone in the economic sphere, more is expected in the coming years with drone technology and Nigeria must not be left behind. “We have a big youthful population and technically savvy people who will take advantage of the technology and drive o@regulatory agencies. Ours is to create the platform to have all the mix take place” According to Idu the full three-day event will cover various presentations and workshops on a range of drone issues covering; regulations, manufacturer standards enterprise development, corporate and commercial applications. The Drone Technology Conference and exhibition is designed to aid this growth through education, awareness creation, exchange of information and creating a trade promotional platform for acquisition of drones, usages and help to build the regulatory frame work for safe civil and commercial operations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.