Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has put a stop to the three-year-old relationship between a woman, Adenike Adedokun and her husband, Moroof Adedokun. Adenike who dragged her husband to court complained that he abandoned her and their only child, a two-year-old boy who is a sickle cell (SS) patient and failed to care for them. According to Adenike, she had spent all her resources taking care of their son whose state of health requires special care and extra attention. The plaintiff told the court there was no future in their marriage since the genotype of both is AS. She thus pleaded with the court to end their marriage. Adenike further prayed the court to mandate her husband to be responsible for the welfare of their child as required. Moroof did not come to court despite being served a court summon and hearing. Adenike in her testimony explained that, “I met my husband while in the university. We became friends and started dating after a while. “On seeing that we were getting more intimate, we stated putting some things into consideration, these including our well being. “I asked Moroof his genotype and he replied AA. I was glad to hear that and I believed him. “As for me, my genotype test had always read AA so I believed we had nothing to fear. But my lord, if I knew we were heading towards tragedy and a life time sorrow, I would have insisted we went for another test, “the plaintiff said. “Moroof and I got married and are blessed with a baby boy. This brought us joy, but it was short lived. “Our son started falling sick shortly after birth. We initially thought it was an issue we could handle, but later decided to visit the hospital. He was attended to at the hospital but got a brief relief. “We got frustrated visiting the hospital every now and then and therefore embarked on the use of herbs, but he didn’t get better. “I decided to move from Ejigbo where my husband and I were residing, to Ibadan where my parents live when it appeared we could no longer cope with the demands of taking care of our son. “We again registered him at another private hospital in Ibadan and spent through the nose paying his medical bills. He was at the end of the day referred to the University College Hostipal (UCH). “At UCH, our son was made to go through a series of tests again and then the bump shell was dropped.  The last test read that he is SS. “I almost fainted when I heard this. Weeping, I immediately requested to have my genotype checked. Contrary to the previous knowledge of my status, I was declared AS. “I was stunned and at the same time confused because all the tests I had in the past always read AA. “The medical personnel attending to us sat me down and explained to me in details the implications of these revelations. “He stressed more on that of our son. He counseled on how best to care of him and was specific on the type of food he should eat. I was given a list of drugs he will be taking. It was a long list. Some of these are to be taken on daily basis and they are all expensive. “Sobbing, I called my husband on phone and explained all these to him. “He promised to check on us at UCH where our son was on admission but he didn’t show up till he was discharged. “I called him again and again, and he kept giving excuses for his inability to travel down to Ibadan to check on us. “My lord, Moroof after a while stopped picking my calls and that of my parents. “He later switched off his phone and we have not been able to reach him since then. “My parents made efforts at getting in touch with Moroof’s parents, but they neither displayed concern nor show any commitment towards our plight. “My lord, I went into business after graduating from the university because I couldn’t get a white collar job. But as at today, I have nothing on me. My business has gone bankrupt because I have spent all the proceeds from it in taking care of our child. “His state of health is not predictable. He can wake up feeling good and strong, but end the day sick and in bed. “I spend a fortune on his food and drugs. “My parents have been quite helpful but they also have to attend to the pressing needs of my siblings. “I registered our son in a crèche so that I can attend to small businesses to meet his needs, but my husband refused to contribute towards the fee. “My lord, I beseech this court to please, dissolve our marriage. There is no future in it since it is obvious that Moroof and I are both AS. “I also pray the court to grant me custody of our child and enforce it that he should play the role expected of him as a father towards our son, “she pleaded. Ruling after he has heard the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their union and mandated the defendant to give the plaintiff N10, 000 every month as their son’s feeding allowance. He was also instructed to be responsible for his education, health care and make himself available any time his attention was needed. A copy of the judgment was asked to be served the defendant. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!