Students and youth went on a rampage at Erunmu area of Ibadan, as a truck killed four persons, that includes three students of Idi Ito High School, on Monday. Tempers had sparked when a truck conveying sand, in trying to avoid hitting a stray ram, swerved to hit the bike conveying four students of Idi Ito High School, Erunmu, Egbeda Local Government Area of Oyo State. It was gathered that the four affected students are of the same father, who also died just over a month ago. Hell had been let loose when the students, upon hearing about the incident, refused entreaties of their principal and teachers not to leave the school and went out in protest. For over three hours, vehicular movement was obstructed as the aggrieved students and youths set bonfires, formed a barricade in the Erunmu-Lalupon road while burning no fewer than three vehicles. When Nigerian Tribune visited, the sandals of the deceased were seen gathered, as well as the crushed bike, killed the ram and the killer truck set on fire. At the height of the agitation, commercial operators at Olodo downed their vehicles and motorcycles, while many people, amid fear, took to trekking distances to get to their various destinations. In what they described as another harvest of death too many, the agitated protesters noted the imperative for the Oyo state government to urgently dualise and erect bumps on the road. As the agitation subsided, upon the intervention of the police, Amotekun and Operation Burst, the protesters only allowed vehicles and motorcycles to pass if they had leaves stashed. Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps, Oyo State Command, Mrs Uche  Chukwurah who confirmed the incident, she, however, said, one of the four students regained consciousness after the victims were rushed to the hospital.  Uche said, “We were just called for a rescue and by the point, my team got there around 8:45 am, we were able to rescue the victims and took them to the hospital. “Initially, they thought the five of them were dead but by the time they got to the hospital, the female among them regained consciousness. “Total number involved in the crash is six people. Four killed, one injured (female) and recovered while the tipper driver is at large.” “Meanwhile, I understand that the victims were students of Idi Ito High School, after the accident, the students took the laws into the hands, started burning, destroying vehicles and disrupting the peace of the environment. “As at the time of filing the report, they have burnt down three tippers. We had to invite other security agencies including Operation Burst, Nigerian Police, we are all there together seeing what we can do to bring down the tension in the community. On what led to the accident, Uche said, “My boys said they noticed it was due to over-speeding and loss of control on the part of the tipper driver. But on the side of the motorcycle, you could see that the bike was overloaded and this is one of the things we preach to road users not to engage in overloading, whether it is a bike or a car. “If that bike was carrying just the normal required stipulations of the rider and a passenger, we would have been having just two casualties in our hands and not this number we are talking about, that is why we always frown at overloading.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers Students youth on rampage  ;  Students youth on rampage  ;  Students youth on rampage   ; Students youth on rampage SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!