FOUR suspects, including an ex-convict, who attempted to rob undercover policemen, who were actually on their trail, have been arrested. The policemen were on surveillance duty on Thursday in the Ojota area of Lagos, following reported high incidence of robbery attacks by miscreants, when the suspects attempted to rob them. The Public Relations Officer of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, confirmed the arrest in a statement on Friday. Adejobi said: “Premised on the intelligence gathered on operations of criminals around Ketu axis, the Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, deployed a surveillance team from the Rapid Response Squad, led by the Commander, CSP Yinka Egbeyemi, to monitor the entire Ikorodu Road axis in reaction to series of complaints of early morning robbery attacks on motorists, including the residents around Owode-Onirin, Mile 12, Ketu and Ojota axes. “The surveillance team was on a decoy at about 6.30 a.m. beside ‘Abiola Garden’ when the suspected criminals came out with dangerous weapons in an attempt to rob the policemen, demanding for their wallets and other valuables before they were all apprehended.” He identified the suspects as Adewale Ismaila (30), Chinadu Okafor (26), Tote Victor (19) and Abdulahi Olalere, a.k.a. ‘Orobo’ (20). The police spokesman added: “One of the suspected notorious traffic robbers, Abdulahi Olalere, a.k.a. ‘Orobo’, confessed to belong to a robbery gang which specialises in attacking and robbing innocent motorists of their belongings in the early hours along Ikorodu Road. “He also confirmed that his gang was responsible for the early morning robbery attacks on innocent motorists around China Town and Tipper Garage by Ketu area of Ikorodu Road on Tuesday, 23rd of March, 2021. “Preliminary investigation revealed that Abdulahi Olalere, a.k.a. ‘Orobo’ was recently released from a correctional centre, having served a six months jail term for same robbery incidents in 2020.” He said the Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, directed that the suspects be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba for investigation, while promising to channel the resources of the command to tackling traffic challenges, including traffic robbery, and other forms of criminality in Lagos State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!