In fulfillment of one youth, one skill initiative by Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State, about 200 youth have been selected to trained and empowered with equipment of their various skills. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the youth who were drawn from the three senatorial districts of the state would be trained on cosmetology, concessionary, tiling, shoes making, among others. Declaring the training Programme opening at the premises of the State Ministry of Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, on Tuesday, the Ministry Commissioner, Prof Theresa Obiekezie, said the intervention was in line with Governor Willie Obiano’s promise to empower thousands youths every year in the state, noting that the fourth batch of one youth, one Skill training has two hundred Youths for the training. Prof Obiekezie noted that the training programme aims at efficiently engaging and furnishing the youths with skills and intellects that will improve their quality of living, give them access to resources, change their values and automatically get them self employed. The Commissioner, name the training centers to include; Youth Centre Abba (Anambra Central), Aguata LGA Headquarters (Anambra South) and Aguleri Civil Centre (Anambra North). She said the programme will help reduce crime in the society and also promote economic growth of the state. “This particular training has 200 Youths enrolled into different trade skills, at the end of which they will be examined and be certified. She urged the participants to take the training serious as the examiners will grade and recommend for certification and start-up packs. And that fifty best candidates will be equipped with Start-Up Packs at the end of the programme. “Be serious because this training programme will help you acquire the necessary skills you need to become useful to yourself, your family and the entire society,” she admonished. Some of the trainees who spoke to Nigerian Tribune including Chioma Okoli, Kosisochukwu Osili appreciated the governor for channeling the minds of the youths towards usefulness, promised to make use of what they will be trained on, to better the lives of their families and the society at large. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… training programme to curb crime   |  training programme to curb crime   |  training programme to curb crime