Niger State Police command has confirmed the arrest of a Minna-based housewife for allegedly killing her co-rival, one Fati Aliyu to same husband with pestle. The command revealed startling details  on how an housewife in Minna, the state capital, identified as Malama Amina Aliyu gruesomely murdered her 17-year-old co-wife, Fati Aliyu with a mortar pestle. Tribune Online learnt that the slain housewife was married to one Alhaji Aliyu Abdullahi barely two months ago before she met her untimely death on Tuesday 23rd March, 2021 allegedly in the hands of the older wife. It was also gathered that the deceased Fati who was said to have been an indigene of  a particular community in Kastina State  was married as a second wife to Abdullahi, but few days after the marriage, there were alleged squabbles between her and the senior wife, Amina. ALSO READ: ’We are coming with security personnel,’ LG chairman warns owners of illegal structures in Warri Further checks revealed  that the domestic quarrels had degenerated to exchange of fistcuffs between the warring parties severally  until last Wednesday when Fati was found dead in a pool of her own blood within the premises of her matrimonial home. Confirming the incident,  the Police Public Relations Officer(PPRO), Niger State Command, DSP Wasiu Abiodun who informed this in a brief interview at the weekend about the details of how the slain 17-year-old housewife, Fati was killed by her senior wife,  Amina. He said one Bello Lawal of Gwari Motors, Bosso road Minna laid the complaints to the police on behalf of one Alhaji Aliyu Abdullahi, 45-year old, who was the husband of the deceased housewife and a resident of Mandela road in Sauka Kahuta area of Bosso local government area of the state that one Fati Aliyu, his second wife and of same address was found dead in the pool of her own blood. The complainant stated further that the body was found inside her sitting room with part of her body allegedly burnt, an indication that apart from hitting her with a pestle, just as she was also set on fire in the process. The Image maker of the state police command  said “Immediately after the complaint was  received by the Police, the command swung into action and arrested one Amina Aliyu age 24 years, ’f’ of same address, a senior and co-wife to the deceased who was alleged to have killed the deceased with a mortar pestle by a witness who was said to be  a relation  to the suspect. “The exhibit used was recovered at the scene of the crime  while investigation has commenced and the suspect will be charged in  court as soon as investigation is concluded,” he concluded. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!