WHILE a few Nigerian political class using the National Assembly are currently plotting to remove the $63 (N30,000) national minimum wage from the exclusive legislative list to the concurrent list, to give power to state governments to yet reduce the wage, Qatar’s new $275 (about N132,000) national minimum wage has entered into force. The International Labour Organisation (ILO) said Qatar’s new non-discriminatory minimum wage comes into force recently, adding to the series of major labour reforms underway in that country. An ILO release said Qatar’s national minimum wage would apply to all workers, of all nationalities, in all sectors, including domestic workers. ILO said the legislation adopted last year provided a six-month transition period for employers to prepare for the new minimum thresholds, adding that Qatar was the first country in the region to introduce a non-discriminatory minimum wage, which is part of a series of historical reforms of the country’s labour laws. The ILO said: “In addition to the minimum monthly basic wage of 1,000 Qatari riyals QAR ($275), the legislation stipulates that employers must pay allowances of at least QAR 300 and QAR 500 for food and housing, respectively, if they do not provide workers with these directly. “More than 400,000 workers or 20 per cent of the private sector will benefit directly from the new law.” The ILO Project Office in Qatar, Max Tuñón also said: “This wage increase will also improve the lives of a large number of family members in the workers’ countries of origin who rely on the remittances sent every month.” To ensure compliance with the minimum wage, the government is enhancing the detection of violations, enacting swifter penalties and further strengthening the capacity of labour inspectors. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…