The twenty-one-year-old wedlock between a couple, Adenike Pius and Uzoma Pius has been dissolved by Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Adenike who dragged her husband to court stated in her divorce suit that Pius constantly dodged his responsibility in the home and passed the bulk to her. According to the plaintiff, she fed her family throughout the time she was living together with her husband and paid their children’s school fees. She stated that all her husband did was to cause trouble in the home and monitor her movements. The plaintiff told the court she moved out of the defendant’s house because she didn’t get what she bargained for in marriage. She, therefore, entreated the court to end their union. Uzoma consented to divorce. The defendant stated that his wife moved out of his house of her own free will. He explained that they never had any misunderstanding. Uzoma added that he often saw her with other men. “Uzoma is not a caring husband. He never showed me love or kindness for the decades we lived together as husband and wife. “He was troublesome and ensured I didn’t have peace of mind. “My husband shelved his responsibility towards me and our children. He passed the bulk to me. “My lord, I was the one feeding the family and paying our children’s school fees. He never contributed a dime towards our children’s education. “He has no shame. Rather than put his hand to work like other men and make a living, what he did was to monitor my movements. “Uzoma is a brute. He derived pleasure in beating me. He loved to see me in writhing in pain and anguish. “I reported him to his mother but he refused to change. “He beat me one day and threw my belongings out. I went with our children because he can’t care for them. “My husband still comes to threaten and beat me where I moved to. My neighbours have no regard for him because they believe he is a nuisance. “My lord, I pray this court to rule that we are no longer husband and wife and also  discourage him from coming to harass or fight me at my place of abode or work place. I also appeal that the custody of our children be granted me, but make him responsible for their welfare, “Adenike said. Uzoma in his testimony stated that, “I didn’t throw out her belongings. We didn’t have a misunderstanding nor fought. She packed out her things by herself and left. “She went along with my property and I traced her to where she moved to in order to retrieve my things from her. “Adenike has a caustic tongue. She provoked me when I got to her new apartment and I descended on her with blows. “I initially went to her place to give our children feeding allowance but stopped because she was always rude to me. “I have appealed to her on several occasions to return to me so that we could both monitor the welfare of our children but she has remained adamant. “She has refused to come back because she’s dating different men. “Adenike lied that I neglected our children. I secured admission for all our children into the secondary school. “My lord, if my wife wants our marriage dissolved, let it be, “he concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!