A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Akinjide Kazeem Akinola, has said that presidential election come 2023 should be zoned to the Southwest and the decision should not be negotiated. He said the Southwest dominated by the Yoruba tribe had supported candidates in the past for presidency and should be granted merit to produce the country’s president in 2023. Speaking with journalists on Tuesday in Abuja, Akinola said the Yoruba nation is not what the Southwest need now, instead, all the leaders in the region should come together to achieve Yoruba Presidency in 2023. “The Southwest presidency is non-negotiable; it has always been as if you are doing the Yorubas a favour each time it comes to giving them the presidency. “In 1999, when Olusegun Obasanjo became the president, it was as if it was a compensation for them (Yoruba) because of Moshood Abiola like it’s not their right. “So, it is time to make the other region understand that Yorubas are also part of Nigeria, and the 2023 presidency shouldn’t be what we talk about or negotiate,” he said. The Oyo State born politician said during general elections, other regions will run to Bola Tinubu to canvas for votes, and after the election is won, nobody keeps to promise to support the region in return. “We are not talking about Yoruba nation now, the first thing is Yoruba presidency in 2023 which is not negotiable. It is high time Yoruba leaders come together and understand that the more divided they are, the higher the chances of them losing the presidency. “Nobody is doing Yoruba favour by bringing the presidency to them, they merit it because they have been supporting candidates from other regions,” the APC chieftain added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… 