THE Jigawa State government has enacted a law to tackle cyber crime, social media and other digital crimes against the state or individual. This was discussed by the state’s attorney general and Commissioner for Justice, Dr Musa Adamu Aliyu while giving a brief overview of the recent law signed by the state governor on Violence Against Persons. He said the new law also stipulated punishment on any digital crime perpetrated against an individual, group of people or the state. According to him, before now there was no adequate law deal with digital crimes in the state which made it very difficult for judges to treat any related cases. Dr Aliyu, however, revealed that the new law on Violence Against Persons designed to give maxim protection to vulnerable members of the society and other crimes emerged from the digital era. “Under the new law, anybody found guilty of rape case or kidnapping, the punishment would be a death sentence or life imprisonment with no third option.” “Also anybody found guilty of political thuggery or sponsoring it will face not less than six months to four years imprisonment. “The new law also bans the use of vulgar language, nudist pictures or video or any public digital display in the name of advertisements.” The attorney general than called on the media and civil societies to be watchdogs for the implementation of the law and ensure no one is allowed to use his influence to compromise the law particularly on rape cases. On their part, the Jigawa Coalition of Civil Society on Violence Against Persons promised to give all necessary support to ensure the new law works for maximum protection to children and women and other persons in the society. The chairman of the collation Comrade Lawan Ya’u added that the group would continue engaging with all stakeholders to ensure no personal prejudice is allowed to compromise the law. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided