Three farm managers have reportedly been abducted by six heavily armed suspected kidnappers at their commercial poultry farms at Pampo community, Asa Local Government Area of Kwara State. Tribune Online gathered that the incident happened at about 4:00 p.m. on Monday in the farm community located on Eyenkorin Afon Ogele road in the local government area. It was gathered that the suspected kidnappers, dressed in military uniform, shot into the air when they arrived in Hilux vehicle at one of the two farms they operated. The suspected kidnappers reportedly got hold of the chief security officer in the farm and locked him inside one room before they took away the two farm workers in the first poultry farm. A source, who is the owner of the second farm,  said that the bandits also abducted the farm manager when they visited his farm on their way out of the community. The source, who said that the suspected kidnappers had contacted the farm owners, added that they demanded a total sum of N45 million for the three people abducted, which he said is N15 million ransom for each person. “On Monday at about 4:30 p.m., six suspected kidnappers in military uniform and armed with AK-47 rifles abducted three farm managers in our farms. They took two farm managers and on their way out of the first farm, they branched to my farm to take my own farm manager too, making three people kidnapped,” the source said. The source added  that the matter had been reported to police, adding that the Police Intelligence had even discovered that the suspected kidnappers are still around a location in Lasoju community in the local government area of the state. “We have been contacted by them. They demanded N15 million each for the kidnapped people, making a sum of N45 million. We begged them to take N1 million for the three people, explaining that we’re poor farmers. They said we should go and get good money before release of our people,” the source added. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the state Police command, Ajayi Okasanmi, said he is yet to get the information about the incident.