Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL) says alleged oil spill from Abiteye, Makaraba and Utonana fields in its western area of operations, Warri South West Local Government Area of Delta State, was not from its operations. CNL, operator of the joint venture between the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and CNL, in an emailed statement in Saturday, said it had “investigated and continues to survey its assets in the Abiteye and Utonana Fields including the 16” Makaraba-Utonana-Abiteye Right of Way (ROW) and confirms that there has not been any indication that the oil sheen on water is from its assets in Abiteye, Makaraba and Utonana fields or from any other CNL facilities as alleged.” The statement quoted Esimaje Brikinn, CNL’s General Manager, Policy, Government and public Affairs, as saying “we take incidents of oil spill seriously. “Our surveillance programme is an ongoing exercise engrained in our processes; and we respond to every report of a spill by following established industry regulatory processes, including engagements with communities and regulators, and Joint Investigation Visits (JIV), to determine source, cause and impact of such spills. “These are ongoing in the current case.” He added that after the initial report of an alleged spill in the area, CNL conducted an overflight of the area with the regulators, Department of Petroleum Resources and National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency, and it was confirmed that there has been no spill emanating from any CNL’s assets in the area. “We continue to engage the communities and communicate our findings concerning the alleged spill to the leadership of the community stakeholders. “CNL operates in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations governing the Nigerian petroleum industry and remains committed to the protection of people and the environment. “We will continue to conduct our operations reliably and efficiently, with utmost consideration for environmental protection,” he concluded. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!