Inspired by a combination of songs from different genres of music, fast-rising Nigerian-born but UK-based artiste, Ibrahim Idris, otherwise known as Bigdoe, seems ready to share his music gift with his fans and many music lovers around world. Armed with his ability to communicate with his fans through lyrics and music arrangement, Bigdoe says he keeps drawing inspiration from people around him as he hopes to build on the success he has recorded in the last few years. Speaking with R about what to expect from him in the second quarter of the year, the singer says his ability to create a sound and deliver music effortlessly puts him ahead of some of his contemporaries. Born to parents from Ogun State, Bigdoe says growing up in Nigeria helped him to understand the beauty of culture and music, adding that “I may not stay in Nigeria to push my music but I can tell you that the beautiful lessons about culture and tradition of the Yoruba people helped me to relate with my fans and add value to my music,” he said. With new projects coming out in a matter of weeks, the artiste disclosed that he could not wait to share his new sounds with his fans, urging them to keep their fingers crossed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.