Ahead of the weekend by-election in Aba North and Aba South federal constituency seat, the All Progressives Congress, has said Mr Mascot Uzor Kalu remains its candidate. The ruling party official clarification was sequel to the claim in certain quarters that the Executive Secretary of National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA), Prince Paul Ikonne, was the adopted candidate. APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Yekeen Nabena, in a statement maintained that Mascot Kalu was the authentic candidate produced by duly conducted primary and accorded recognition. He said:” APC is an orderly party. We have followed diligently the electoral procedures leading to the candidature of Mr Mascot Uzor in Saturday’s by-election and we are out to win and not just to participate. “We also appeal to all the stakeholders, electoral umpire and the general public to disregard anything contrary to the position of the party leadership regarding the candidature of Mr Mascot Uzor.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Abia by-election: APC dismisses claim, says Mascot Uzor Kalu is candidate Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Abia by-election: APC dismisses claim, says Mascot Uzor Kalu is candidate [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…