Deputy Governor of Lagos State, Dr. Obafemi Hamzat, has assured Lagosians that the blue line rail project would commence operation before the end of 2023. Hamzat stated this during the inauguration of 450 metre Ariyo (Mile 10) -Ira-Muwo-Tedi Bridge Phase 1 in Ojo Local Government Area. Hamzat, who represented Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu at the ceremony, said state government has been doing everything possible to ensure interconnectivity by developing effective transportation system comprising road, waterway and rail, to reduce suffering and man- hour loss to traffic jam in the state. “Before the end of 2023,  Rail from Okoko  to Marina will move to safe man-hour that will be lost to traffic,” he said He said Ira-Muwo-Tedi Bridge Phase 1, Sanwo-Olu said was conceived to open up the densely populated communities and also provide a functional bypass to the Lagos -Badagry expressway between Volks and Tradefair bus stop. Sanwo-Olu said the construction of the bridge was one of the ways to redirect traffic off and to serve as alternative route to the gridlock on Lagos-Badagry Expressway. He recalled that the first phase of the project was initially awarded to Messrs Moreno -Marinas -Lagoon in April 2008 but was terminated in December 2012 due to non-performance and poor workmanship which led to a functional failure. According to him, the project was re-awarded to Messrs Lopek Construction Nigeria Limited for correction of the structural defects and execution of outstanding works comprising piles, pile caps, piers, longitudinal beams and deck slabs, pedestrian walkways, street light, Muwo T-junction with outfall drains. He seized the occasion to flag-off the second phase of the project, including Tedi -Muwo road, leading to Abule Osun, adding that  his administration was also constructing Irede, Onile-Onirekero roads in the axis “We are giving priority to roads leading to jetties,”the governor said. He appealed to stakeholders in the communities to take ownership of the project by ensuring that they protect them. Speaking earlier elated Special Adviser on Work and Infrastructure, Mrs Aramide Adeyoye, said the project no doubt has reinforced Sanwo-Olu’s administration determined effort to move the state forward. She reeled out project benefits to the include improved road connectivity, increased property value within the area, boost trade, commerce and investment opportunities within the axis, enhanced environmental status of the communities and also enhanced security and improved socio -economic activities within the communities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…