Residents of Sokoto East Senatorial District has commended the efforts of Senator Ibrahim Abdullahi Gobir (APC-Sokoto) on the renovation of schools across his senatorial district while calling on others to emulate him. Former Chairman of Sabon Birni local government area, Alhaji Idris Muhammad as well as Alhaji Ibrahim Sarkin Fulanin-Gobir made the commendation in separate interviews with newsmen in Sokoto. They explained that the serving senator under the platform of All Progressive Party (APC) had renovated schools in eight local government areas that comprised Sabon Birni, Isa, Wurno, Rabah, Gada, Goronyo, Illela and Gwadabawa local governments area. Muhammad said the efforts have facilitated robust educational development in the areas, while teachers working conditions were enhanced with improved standard structures. The former chairman affirmed that all the school projects were completed while the lawmaker commenced the disbursement of business supports to small scale traders, farming supports and rehabilitation of some public structures in the area. He said schools obtained facelift and enjoined other federal and state lawmakers to emulate him in enhancing the lives of people and empower them in thief lives. In his remarks, the Sarkin Fulanin-Gobir lauded the Senator’s efforts and enjoined beneficiaries to utilize the properties properly and safeguard them against any form of vandalism. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com