Former aviation minister and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Femi Fani-Kayode, says he insists that the killing of six herder family members in Osun is wrong. He made the announcement on Twitter on Monday via his handle, @realFFK. He wrote: “I make no apology for saying it was wrong to kill an innocent & defenceless Fulani family of 6 in Osun. Those that condemn me for saying this are worse than animals. You cannot justify the murder of innocents under any circumstances &being Fulani should not be a death sentence. “We must not lose our sense of decency& humanity & we must not let our emotions becloud our better judgement. I support the killing of terrorists (Fulani or otherwise) but I refuse to support the killing of innocent& defenceless people, including women & children, regardless of their tribe or faith and whether they are Fulani, Hausa, Yoruba, Igbo, Ijaw or anything else. We can kill those who attack us but we must protect those who choose to live in peace with us. “The killing of innocents can never be described or deemed as a heroic act.” Recall that gunmen killed six people, all from the same family, in the early hours of Sunday in Osun State, Nigeria. According to the police spokesman, Yemisi Opalola,  the incident happened in a village near Wasinmi, a community along Ife/Ibadan expressway in the state. The Osun State government has promised swift action on the matter to bring justice. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng