The Minister, Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has charged the Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPRS) to do more by embarking on more comprehensive reforms that are geared towards promoting the ethics of the Civil Service by inculcating efficiency and effectiveness on the job. Senator Akpabio made this pronouncement when the Director-General of the Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPSR), Dr Dasuki Ibrahim Arabi, paid him a courtesy visit in his office recently. While appreciating the BPSR for embarking on Public Service Reforms, Akpabio noted that the ongoing Forensic Audit being carried out at the NDDC is part of the Government reform agenda to reposition the Commission for greater service delivery to the Niger Delta region considering the financial irregularities and duplication of projects that has characterised the Commission over the years. Speaking further, the Minister explained that no country would develop when it has not been able to tackle the issue of corruption. He, therefore, charged the Director-General BPSR to ensure that the reforms carried out in the Financial and Procurement Sector should be replicated at the State level to block all financial leakages. “Your reforms must also touch the Educational sector considering the importance of this sector to National development. The BPSR has to do more in bringing the civil service to perfection by protecting the leakages of Government classified documents and also in the area of training and retraining of staff in the Public Service to promote efficiency and effectiveness on the job,” he said. The Minister of State Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Tayo Alasoadura, assured the Director-General that the Ministry would do all within its purview to support the ongoing reforms in the Public Service aimed at a better and improved performance. Earlier, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Dr Babayo Ardo, commended the Director-General, Bureau of Public Service Reforms, (BPSR), Dr Dasuki Arabi for his astuteness and doggedness in driving the reform agenda of the Federal Government. He noted that the multiple activities of the Bureau of which the ‘Monthly Lunch Hour Time Reform Seminars and Retreats’ are not the least rather it has greatly helped to constantly put Reform issues on the front burner of public discourse. The Director-General, Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPSR), Dr Dasuki Arabi, explained that the Bureau was created in 2004 to serve as the engine room and coordinating agency for reforms at the Federal level. He added that the Bureau is mandated to look at ways to encourage Public Servants to improve on the quality of service received by Nigerians and the success recorded by the Institution has enabled some of the Agencies to be rated among the best in the world. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday…Akpabio charges BPSR on promotion ethics in civil service Akpabio charges BPSR on promotion ethics in civil service