GOVERNOR Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara state has said that the state government has commenced updating of its existing farmers’ data and backing it up with technology. The governor, who decried dearth of reliable and credible data for farmers in the state, said this at a joint sector review and biennial review report on the implementation of Comprehensive Africa Agriculture Development Programme (CAADP). The review was organised by Public Financing of Agriculture (PFA) being funded by ActionAid Nigeria, and implemented in six states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Represented by his Technical Adviser on Agriculture AbdulQuawiy Olododo, Governor Abdulrazaq said that: “Basically what I am saying is that before we roll out any intervention programme from the state government, we need to have reliable and credible data. It is not as if we do not have data in the state. We do, but some of the data are not credible and reliable. We have issues with how some of the data were collated in the past. Now we are trying to update the existing data backed by technology. That is one of the ways to ensure credibility in the process of gathering the data. “For Kwara to meet the Comprehensive Africa Agriculture Development Programme (CAADP) of 10 per cent annual budget, we need data. Data is the primary foundation upon which we can actualise that commitment. “From our agricultural transformation plan that we unveiled the first programme is the farmer’s databank. From that we can begin to develop and see how we can meet the CAADP commitment before 2025. The data gathering is an ongoing process. We are for the first time backing the data update with technology.” Earlier, PFA Project Coordinator in the state, Abdulrahman Ayuba, said the joint sector review was a key instrument for promoting mutual accountability. “It aims to assess how well state and non-state stakeholders implemented pledges and commitments stipulated in the CAADP compacts. “It creates a platform to assess the performance and results of the agriculture sector and in turn assist government in setting sector policy and priorities. “We are holding this State Level Dialogue on the implementation of CAADP for the purposes of agricultural transformation, wealth creation, food security and nutrition, economic growth and prosperity for all,’’ he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…