A busload of members of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) were on Friday evening abducted by gunmen in Kaduna, Kaduna State. Head, Media and Public Relations of RCCG, Pastor Olaitan Olubiyi, confirmed the abduction to Saturday Tribune Friday night. He did not release further details on the identities and number of the victims. However, a church source in Kaduna said the abducted persons were “adult missionaries, male and female, from Kaduna Province 1 going to Kafanchan for prayer work.” As of 9.25 p.m. on Friday when he spoke to Saturday Tribune, he said the kidnappers had not got in touch with the church and family members of the abducted persons. An engineer, Mr Eje Kenny Faraday, who said he “narrowly escaped being a victim,” had broken the news on his Facebook wall with the photograph of the empty bus around 7.00 p.m. on Friday. “All passengers in the bus are just kidnapped along Kachia Road, Km 63 from Kaduna,” he posted on his Facebook wall. The inscription on the side of the bus reads, ‘The Redeemed Christian Church of God, Region 30, Trinity Sanctuary, Kaduna’. Mr Faraday, in reply to a commenters’ enquiry as to when the incident happened, wrote: “Today. Not long ago. I was almost a victim.” The Kaduna State police command could not be reached for comment on the incident as of 9.34 p.m. when the spokesperson’s telephone number was called. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!