The Kaduna State Government has said 10 persons abducted at the staff quarters of the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has been rescued. In a press conference at the Nigeria Union of Journalists on Wednesday the commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan said all the kidnapped victims were set free. “The Kaduna State Government can confirm that troops of the Nigerian Army have today, Wednesday, 17th March 2021, rescued the 10 victims who were kidnapped from the Kaduna Airport Staff Quarters, Ifira, Igabi local government area. The victims rescued are listed as: Ilori Sunday, Celestina Sunday, Beauty Oshaibie Sunday, Miracle Sunday, and Marvelous Sunday. Others are Destiny Sunday, Samuel Sunday, Deborah Sunday, Hajiya Badiyatu Abdullahi Gambo and Bilkisu Gambo. “It would be recalled that armed bandits breached the fence of the Kaduna Airport Staff Quarters in the early hours of Saturday 6th March 2021, and kidnapped these 10 persons from two houses located near the fence. “Precise details of the rescue location cannot be provided at this time due to operational expediency. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai has received the report of the rescue with elation and has extended hearty congratulations to the troops for the successful rescue. “He has also met with the rescued citizens to encourage them, and assure them of the unwavering commitment of the Kaduna State Government. He wished them well as they reunited with their families and loved ones. “Further updates will be provided on this and other developments as they emerge. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…10 kidnapped Airport staff  10 kidnapped Airport staff 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…10 kidnapped Airport staff  10 kidnapped Airport staff Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng