A renowned columnist with the Tribune Titles, Farooq Kperogi, has been elevated to the rank of professor at the Kennesaw State University in the United States. The promotion letter, dated March 12 which was shared by Kperogi on his Twitter handle, said the elevation takes effect “at the beginning of your 2021-2022 contract.” President of the university, Pamela Whitten, said in the letter: “I have reviewed the recommendation of the Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs for your candidacy for promotion and I concur with the recommendation. “Your promotion and salary increase will be effective at the beginning of your 2021-2022 contract. “You are to be commended for the fine work that has resulted in this career milestone. I look forward to your continued productivity and success at KSU.” “I now disassociate from associate,” an elated Mr Kperogi wrote, referencing a similar message by the late Pius Adesanmi when he was promoted full professor in 2013. “Academia is my third career, but it’s the only career I’ve stayed long enough to rise to the acme,” he added. Professor Kperogi, who has been writing a column in the Saturday Tribune entitle “Notes from Atlanta” for some years now, resides in Atlanta, Georgia, from where he received his Ph.D. in communication from Georgia State University. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Tribune columnist, Farooq Kperogi, promoted full professor in US varsity Tribune columnist, Farooq Kperogi, promoted full professor in US varsity