President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday recalled how both sides suffered losses of lives during the Nigerian civil war, praying that never again will the country witness such. Speaking at an event to welcome the world leader of the Tijjaniyya Islamic Religious Movement, Sheikh Muhammadul Mahy Niass, the Grand Khalifa of Sheikh Ibrahim Niass, Buhari paid tribute to those he refereed to as the patriotic martyrs of the 30-month civil war whose glorious sacrifices, he said, enabled the unity of this great nation. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), said President Buhari thanked the movement for its “profuse” prayers for an end to the war and the reunification of Nigeria. He welcomed the Grand Khalifa to Nigeria and commended their efforts in finding solutions to the problems of security in the country. President Buhari described the visit of the spiritual leader as historical while commending the sect for its peaceful conduct in carrying out its activities. The leader of the Tijjaniyya in Nigeria, Sheikh Dahiru Usman, described the sect as the largest with 70 million followers across the globe and prayed for continued peace and blessings for the country. Sheikh Niass said he had come to formally introduce himself as the new leader to the government and people of Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Buhari hosts Tijjaniyya Islamic sect leader, says never again will Nigeria witness another civil war Buhari hosts Tijjaniyya Islamic sect leader, says never again will Nigeria witness another civil war