A Marriage Counsellor and Family Therapist, Mr Bisi Adewale, has launched an online platform called familylifers.com to provide empowerment, employment and acquisition of skills for youths and other well-meaning Nigerians. Speaking at the launching ceremony in Lagos last week, the Counsellor said the platform would dissuade youths from activities likely to setback Nigeria and wreck havoc on the citizens. He explained that the platform is very timely as the effect of the global pandemic is ravaging the economy, causing unemployment and increasing the level of poverty among the citizens of the country. “The online forum provides an opportunity for empowerment, employment, acquisition of skills, advertisement of businesses for SMEs/entrepreneurs, etc. “We are doing this for our youths to engage in meaningful ventures that would help to shun activities that could bring a setback to Nigeria and cause havoc on her citizens. “It is no doubt that the world is currently facing a common and unseen enemy which has caused so much in the global economy; Nigeria inclusive. “The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is not a small deal on the citizens in any way. It has increased challenges faced by families, especially our youths and young adults who are the future of our nation and tomorrow’s leaders. “The current unemployment rate of 27.1 per cent (National Bureau of Statistics, Q2 2020) implies an increase in the poverty level in many families. Many youths are out of jobs beyond gender, geographical or educational biased reasons. “It is on these premises that the initiative of creating an online platform was built to address structural and practical challenges faced by our youth today. It’s a laudable idea as this will collaborate and support the efforts of the government to curb the rate of unemployment among our youths,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng