North-Central Legislators Forum has resolved that the geo-political zone will not accept any position other than the presidency in the 2023 election. It has therefore admonished any political party that requires the region’s support to be sure its presidential candidate for the election emerges from there. Rising from a meeting at Bolton White Hotel, Abuja, on Monday night, the forum comprising state lawmakers from all the states in the North-Central zone, unanimously rejected the attempt by an unnamed political party to push the post of its national chairman to the zone. They reasoned that the action would preclude the zone from vying for the party’s presidential ticket. According to the communique issued at the end of the meeting read by the Convener of the forum and former Speaker, Niger State House of Assembly, Marata Gumi, the State Houses of Assembly legislators in the zone are not interested in the chairmanship position of any political party. He added: “The North-Central legislators’ forum unanimously demand the presidency position come 2023. “The position of party chairmanship in all the political parties has been rejected by this great forum. The North-Central is not interested in the position of chairman in any political party.” The legislators also called on the Federal Government to as a matter of urgency “embark on the construction and rehabilitation of all federal roads in the zone as soon as possible.” In his remarks after the meeting, Speaker of Kogi State House of Assembly, Prince Matthew Kolawole, affirmed that even though the demand of the forum is not about Kogi State governor, Yahaya Bello, who has already expressed his interest in the 2023 presidency, the position of the lawmakers will boost his chances. He said this is because it is only Bello that has signified his interest in the race in the post from the zone. The Speaker added: “So far, the only person we have as of today asking for the Presidency position is Bello. I will say what we did today favours him 100 per cent, but that does not really mean that this is limited to the All Progressives Congress, APC. “We want other parties to come forward to contest.” Also speaking, Speaker, Benue States House of Assembly, Uba Titus, said the demand of the forum is not about any individual. “We are saying that all political parties in the North Central should produce a candidate so that the entire world will know that this time around, we are serious and it is time for North Central to produce the President,” he added. Lawmakers from Niger, Kwara, Benue and Kogi states attended the meeting. Plateau and Nasarawa stated sent in their messages of solidarity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…2023: Legislators Forum demand zoning of presidency to North-Central 2023: Legislators Forum demand zoning of presidency to North-Central SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.