Governor Nasir El Rufai of Kaduna state has reiterated his administration’s stance not to negotiate with bandits, saying that his job as governor is to enforce the law and help to prosecute people who commit offences. El Rufai restated his government’s position during an expanded meeting of the State Security Council which held at the Council Chambers of Sir Kashim Ibrahim House on Tuesday. In addition to regular members from the state government, security agencies and traditional rulers, the meeting featured religious leaders and invited guests from professional associations, trade unions and civil society groups. “We will not engage with bandits or kidnappers. Private citizens like clerics and clergymen can do so in their individual capacities, to preach to them and ask them to repent. We also want them to repent, but it is not our job to ask them to do so,’’ he added. According to him, the best way to solve the farmer-herder clashes, cattle rustling and banditry is for nomadic herdsmen to live more sedentary lives, in order for them to be more productive and give their children education and access to better healthcare. The governor argued that nomadic or transhumance cattle breeding has been rendered obsolete by urbanization and population growth as most of the cattle routes have been taken over by development. El-Rufai said that Kaduna State Government is implementing a big ranching project in Damau Grazing Reserve in Kubau local government, adding that the project will make about 1,500 herdsmen sedentary. He further emphasized that the project will enable the herders to raise their cattle in a facility with pastures, a school and a Primary Health Centre, with a commercial partner ready to buy their milk. The governor commended the security agents for all their efforts, to keep Kaduna State residents safe, in spite of the challenges that they are facing. El Rufai also called for decentralization of the police force, maintaining that Nigeria is the only federation that operates a unitary police force that is funded by but not controlled by state governments. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… not negotiate with bandits | not negotiate with bandits | not negotiate with bandits  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng