In its determination to reposition tourism beyond the new normal in view of the ravaging effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Lagos State Ministry of Tourism, Arts and Culture has assured stakeholders in the state of its maximum support in building sustainable growth for the industry. The Commissioner for Tourism, Arts and Culture, Mrs Uzamat Akinbile-Yusuf, gave the assurance at a webinar session with stakeholders recently in Lagos themed N1billion Soft Loan for Tourism and Entertainment Sector in Lagos State. Akinbile-Yusuf expressed displeasure over the inability of stakeholders to fulfill requirements for the acquisition of the COVID-19 palliative loan, set aside by Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to alleviate the effect of the pandemic on their businesses. She stated that the main objective of the meeting was to get feedback from the stakeholders on the reasons they had not applied for the loan which was meant to help them stay in business. She, however assured the stakeholders of the ministry’s cooperation and support to grow their businesses, adding that the ministry was not out to choke stakeholders with taxes, but to render support when neccessary. She explained that the major prerequisite for stakeholders to access the loan was to be registered with the ministry with an up-to-date payment of their annual dues. “I appreciate the stakeholders for their unflinching support even as COVID-19 ravages the industry; this meeting is to strengthen our relationship with you all. “We observed that few stakeholders have indicated interest in the tourism recovery loan of N1billion released for the tourism and entertainment industry three months ago. “We hereby call on stakeholders to do the needful to access the loan. This has not been done in the history of the state and so, it should be appreciated. “We are not ready to choke you with taxes, but support you to grow,” she said. Akinbile-Yusuf noted that the ministry would improve on its publicity on the loan and the requirements for accessing it. She notified the stakeholders of the forthcoming hybrid tourism summit slated for March 25, urging them to avail themselves of the opportunity to rub minds again. Mr Emmanuel Lordsgreat, Founder, Tourism Business Success Int’l on his part, said that the stakeholders were more in need of grants, rather than loan, as the industry had been affected badly, leaving most stakeholders indebted. “Considering the fact that most businesses were closed down for sometime during the pandemic, it has made most stakeholders indebted, so, what they are looking for is something to cushion the effect of the pandemic, not to incur more debt. “I will suggest that the ministry consider giving grants to stakeholders rather than loans,” he said. Also speaking, Mr Victor Kayode, General Secretary, Nigeria Hotel and Catering Institute, advised the ministry to intensify efforts on publicity, creating awareness on the availability of such loan. Kayode noted that most stakeholders were not aware of the loan and others do not know the criteria to access the loan. Omolara Adelusi, President, Venue Owners Association of Nigeria, urged the ministry to reduce the registration fee and annual levies allotted to each stakeholder, which had been challenging for the association members to comply with. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… LASG assures tourism stakeholders  LASG assures tourism stakeholders 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories.. LASG assures tourism stakeholders LASG assures tourism stakeholders NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided