Kwara State government has received a total of 55,790 doses of Oxford Astrazeneca vaccines consignment against coronavirus. Speaking at a flag off of COVID-19 vaccine introduction in Ilorin, on Friday, the executive secretary, Kwara State primary healthcare development agency, Dr Nusirat Elelu, said that the state took the delivery, on Tuesday. Dr Elelu, who said that training state-level training of trainers (STOT) of health practitioners had been organized and cascaded in the 16 local government areas of the state, added that state technical working group had been activated among relevant stakeholders for the commencement of implementation vaccination campaign. She also said that the COVID-19 vaccination campaign would be conducted in four phases, adding that the first phase will target health workers, other front liners and strategic leaders. Dr Elelu, who said that the vaccine is painless, said, “The campaign will last 10 days and would be available at designated primary, secondary and tertiary health facilities. It will be given in two doses at 12 weeks interval.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday…Kwara receives 55790 doses Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Kwara receives 55790 doses Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com