Worried by the spate of insecurity across the country, the Federal Government has been called upon to stand up to its primary responsibility of protection of lives and properties. The call was made by the Conference of Speakers of Legislative Assemblies of Nigeria which declared that the solution to the problem is to allow state governments to fully implement community policing and formation of state police. The Speakers Conference at the end of its quarterly meeting held in Bauchi on Saturday declared that there is insecurity all over the country to the extent that no one seems safe. In a communique read by the Conference Chairman, Abubakar Suleiman, the speakers demanded that something must be done urgently in order to redeem the situation and make Nigerians feel safe and secure. On constitution amendment, the conference announced that it has set up a committee to review the country’s constitution with the view of contributing to the ongoing amendment debate. According to the conference, the terms of reference of the committee include articulation and submission of the inputs of the Conference of Speakers on the review of the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. It was also resolved by the conference that all the State Houses of Assembly should ensure to pass the funds management bill in their respective states for effective implementation of the financial autonomy for the states and judiciary. It then appealed to PASAN to exercise restraint on its struggle which has led to protest in recent times across the country, thereby disrupting the legislative process in the state Houses of Assembly. The Speakers Conference assured that a committee has been constituted to engage the association with a view to resolving the lingering issues that led to the industrial action. The conference then commended the cordial relationship between the Bauchi State House of Assembly led by the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Executive arm led by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stressing that it is the height of political harmony for the development of the people.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!