The Director-General, International Labour Organization (ILO), Guy Ryder, has called on other countries yet to ratify the ILO Protocol on Forced Labour to do so in order to save 25 million women, men and children still in forced labour. Ryder said now is the time to make a difference in the lives of millions in forced labour The ILO DG was speaking while congratulating the 50 countries that have now ratified the ILO’s Forced Labour Protocol. He called on all the other countries who haven’t yet ratified to follow suit. Fifty countries have shown their commitment to eradicate contemporary forms of slavery by ratifying the ILO Forced Labour Protocol (P.29). The ratifications have met an initial target set by the 50 for Freedom campaign, which urges governments to take action on forced labour. Sudan became the fiftieth country to ratify with the ratification of the treaty by on 17 March, 2021. He his speech following the ratification, Ryder said:  “Congratulations to the 50 countries in Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Central Asia, Europe and Latin America that have demonstrated their determination to end forced Labour in all its forms. “They have committed to prevent forced Labour, protect victims and ensure that they have access to justice and to remedies. “And it is now time for all other countries to follow suit and ratify the protocol, to make a real difference in the lives of the 25 million women, men and children still in forced labour.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!