STANBIC IBTC Holdings Plc, a member of Standard Bank Group, has introduced an insurance subsidiary, Stanbic IBTC Insurance, thereby adding to its ever-growing bouquet of financial services available to the public. The addition of the insurance subsidiary followed regulatory approvals as well as the issuance of a license from the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) which granted the new entity the right to commence its business operations. Speaking at the launch of the new business, Akinjide Orimolade, Chief Executive, Stanbic IBTC Insurance stated that the new business would continue in the vision and tradition of the Group through the provision of innovative and customer-friendly insurance products. Stanbic IBTC Insurance has developed a variety of simple Life insurance products that will address the unique insurance needs of its customers. It will also facilitate long-term insurance for individuals by offering them innovative and seamless insurance solutions that can be accessed electronically with ease. This means that consumers will be able to purchase insurance products, make timely claims submissions quickly and efficiently from wherever they are. While commending the government and industry regulator, NAICOM, on the great achievements made in the insurance industry, Mr Orimolade highlighted some improvements that would aid industry growth and enhance customer experience. At the top of the list would be for the National Insurance Commission to continue to collaborate with service providers to encourage the use of technology in delivering seamless insurance solutions to everyone. The Chief Executive also spoke on the low level of insurance penetration in the Nigerian market. He emphasised that there are bountiful opportunities to grow the Nigerian insurance market since less than 10 per cent of the Nigerian populace are currently insured, not to mention that more and more Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) are now seeking out insurance solutions. This is a clear indicator of room for growth in the industry. It will also be ideal for insurance to partner with Telcos to improve on the lives of customers. “The industry will develop as there will be an increasing need for business owners to prioritise insurance to protect their properties and lives,” Orimolade stated. He further highlighted the need to innovate and evolve to meet the changing needs of the insurance ecosystem and this is where Stanbic IBTC Insurance comes in. “The birth of Stanbic IBTC Insurance can be described as meeting a pressing need at the right time. The journey of a thousand miles, they say, begins with a single step and for us, several giant strides have been made. We are positive that this venture will bring smiles to the faces of our customers”, thethe Stanbic IBTC Insurance Chief Executive added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng