Less than a week after the police in Lagos State rescued an abandoned day-old baby , the dead body of another abandoned day-old baby has been recovered. The dead baby was deposited very close to the General Hospital in Ikeja by a yet-to-be-identified person on Saturday. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, confirmed the recovery and added that the police in the state also arrested two armed robbers. Adejobi in a statement on Sunday said “the police operatives attached to Ikeja Division of the Lagos State Police Command, on 20th March 2021, while responding to a call from the Security Department of the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, Ikeja, recovered a lifeless body of a day-old baby that was lying beside Ayinke Hospital by Airport Road, Ikeja. “The police, having discovered the corpse of the baby, contacted the State Environmental Health Monitoring Unit that evacuated the corpse.” He also added that “the baby was suspected to have been abandoned by his mother and must have been exposed to risks that caused his death.” In another development “the Anti-Crime Patrol team attached to Ilasan Division of the Command, intercepted three (3) men on a motorcycle and arrested two suspected armed robbers while one escaped with their operational motorcycle, on Saturday 20th March, 2021 at about 9.30pm, along Lekki-Epe Expressway by Jakande.” According to the police, “the suspects are OKOROCHA COVENANT, m, 28 and ADIGUN JEREMIAH, m, 27, both of Badagry Area of LagosState.” The police in Lagos also confirmed that “one Beretta pistol with ammunition was recovered from them.” The Commissioner of Police has ordered that the suspects be taken to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba for discreet Investigation. He equally directed the Area Command, Area J, Ajah, to step up Anti-Crime Strategies, including raids of black spots and surveillance, to combat crimes and criminality in the entire area.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… | Lagos police arrest robbers | Lagos police arrest robbers | Lagos police arrest robbers | Lagos police arrest robbers Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng