Apparently reacting to the three days quit notice given to Yoruba people based in the North to leave the area by Arewa Youths Assembly (AYA), the Middle Belt Youths Forum (MBYF) has dismissed the quit notice and called for the arrest of those behind it saying it was a ploy to throw the country into anarchy. This is just as the Yoruba Global Alliance has urged the Yoruba in the North not to panic. The Arewa Youth Assembly handed down the ultimatum last Friday in a statement signed by its Speaker, Mohammed Salihu Danlami, in which he stated that the quit notice was predicated on a declaration of Yoruba Sovereignty made by Mr. Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho. The President of the MBYF, Mr. Emmanuel Zompal who stated this in an interview in Jos, Plateau State said the statement could trigger violence and enjoined security agencies to go after those making such inflammatory statements before they plunge the country into crisis. “This statement could trigger violence; therefore, the government especially security agencies should go after these elements in the guise of Arewa Youths and arrest them. “Issuing of threat has become their stock in trade; there was a time they gave similar ultimatum to the Igbo which generated tension in the country. So the government should stop folding its hands while miscreants hold the country to ransom. “Also, another group recently made a move to stop supply of foodstuffs and fruits to the Southern part of the country; the threat is becoming too much. But I want to say that Nigerians should not bother themselves with this kind of threat anymore, the major producers of foodstuffs and others are the Middle Belt. “So the government must be alive to its responsibilities and should not allow miscreants to hold this country to ransom. The government should clamp down on this group and other individuals making inflammatory statements for their selfish interests. Enough of the double standard. When Dr. Obadiah Mailafia expressed his mind on the state of the nation especially on insecurity, he was interrogated by security agencies but why is the same institution not inviting these people issuing quit notice to citizens of this country?”  Don’t panic Meanwhile, Yoruba Global Alliance, a leading self-determination organisation with allies in 133 countries across the world has admonished the Yoruba people currently tied down in Nigeria not to panic in the face of the programmed onslaught by marauders waging war against the whole of Nigeria. In a strongly worded press statement by the Chairman of Council of the organisation, Chief Tola Adeniyi, Yoruba Global Alliance assures the Yoruba Nation that their goal of Yoruba sovereignty is not negotiable, on course and irreversible. The statement, endorsed by the founding fathers of the YGA, assures the entire Yoruba race that efforts by YG, our allies and other several Self Determination groups were on to ward off every threat to the corporate existence of the Yoruba. “We are not a nation of cowards. And even though our civilisation and enlightened worldview have imbued us with unique Omoluwabi tenets which accord love and accommodation to all human beings, we nonetheless believe that it’s only human beings who should be treated as human beings while animals are animals. “We want to assure our Yoruba compatriots that we are working, but quietly, strategically and tactically just like the masterminds behind those devouring Nigeria have remained anonymous without vainglorious and attention-seeking noisemaking. Yoruba fighting forces, like in the tradition of soldiers all over the world are the ones who should do the chest beating to showcase their conquests. “We are convinced that Nigeria is already at war, and we are also not deceived by the shenanigans of those who embrace terrorism and cuddle banditry and seek to impose stone age mentality on all those who still erroneously believe there is a country called Nigeria. Yoruba Global Alliance a.k.a Egbe Ominira sympathises with our fellow African cousins in Sokoto, Zamfara, Kaduna, Borno and other states north of Rivers Niger and Benue who are being daily plummeted by pampered and officially emboldened terrorists, most of whom were imported into their territorial space by officialdom. “We are also cognisant of the wicked design of the war mongers to destroy the Eastern and Delta regions of Nigeria with the unrealistic ambition of occupying such fertile lands once the aboriginal owners of the hitherto nation-states are vanquished. “The Yoruba will no longer be deceived by the hypocrisy, insincerity and duplicity of those who are preaching peace with empty rhetoric and dramatised sympathy visits while at the same time turning blind eye to the massive buildup of arms and brutal incursion and invasion of the terrorized people they are preaching peace to. It is disingenuous for those who have cornered all the apparatus of defence and security and who have all the powers to stop the unprovoked plunder of other people’s means of livelihood, to tie down the tiger and hand over its tail to the dog and still preach peace and quiet to the tiger.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng