THE Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Ibadan branch, recently rewarded some farmers in Oyo State who have distinguished themselves in the year 2020 farming season. The Best Farmer of the Year Award under the Agricultural Credit Guarantee scheme Fund (ACGSF), was introduced in the 1980s to recognise selected farmers that borrowed under the scheme, adopted best agronomic practices, kept good records and repaid their loan as at when due. Branch Controller, CBN, branch, Mrs Olufolake Ogundero, noted that the award was re-introduced in the year 2020 to select and reward execptional farmers in the country. She further explained that the essence of the award was to serve as an example to other borrowers and motivate them to repay their loans on or before the due date thereby making them further potential awrad winners. Ogundero, expressed appreciation to all the farmers present on the occasion, Head, Development Finance Office, management of Lapo Microfinance Bank and the selection committee members; the State Chairman, All Farmers Asspociation of Nigeria (AFAN), Mr John Olateru, Branch Manager, Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation (NAIC), Ibadan branch, Mrs Kemi Famodu and the Oyo State Chairman, Cat Fish Farmers Association of Nigeria, Mr Ayodele Oyeniyi for a thorough selection process. The recipients of the award, Mr Akintoye Sunday (Best Farmer), Mr Adekola Francis (2nd position) and Mr Alege Kehinde (3rd position), expressed gratitude to the CBN for the award. They received cash prizes of N100,000, N75,000 and N50,000 respectively alongside certificates except for the best farmer who received a plaque. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng