Kano State government has given Muhammad Auwal Gusau from Zamfara State emerging best in the male category and Nusaiba Shu’aibu Ahmed from Kano State, the winner in the female category N2.5 million each at the 35th National Qur’anic Recitation Competition held in Kano State. Speaking on the occasion on Saturday during the closing ceremony held at the convocation arena of the Bayero University, Kano, the state governor, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje, represented by his deputy, Dr. Nasiru Gawuna, said a total 180 males and 190 females from the 36 states of the federation and FCT participated in the nine-day Qur’anic Recitation Competition. According to him, the participants contested in the six ategories of the competition for both male and female right from two Hizb with practical Tajweed up to 60 Hizb with Tafsir. Ganduje said: “Our administration has made it as part of its cardinal responsibility to improve Islamic education especially as it relates to Qur’anic recitation and memorisation at all levels. That is why we established the first ever Kano State Qur’anic and Islamiyya Schools Management Board which has today achieved a lot in the promotion of Islamic education.” He also assured of continued support to the National Qur’anic Recitation Competition and appreciated the contribution of Usmanu Dan Fodio University, Sokoto, for conducting and managing the annual Qur’anic recitation competition in the country. Earlier, the Sultan Of Sokoto who is also the President of the Nigeria Supreme Council Of Islamic Affairs, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, explained that the National Qur’anic Recitation Competition, which is aimed at bringing out the benefit of reciting the Qur’an, is growing stronger every year. He therefore commended Kano State for being a good host and pledged the Sultanate commitment towards enhancing Qur’anic recitation and memorisation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!