Operatives of the Delta State Police Command are on the trail of hoodlums who raped to death a 24-year-old lady, Joy Ifechukwude Ezeamaka at Ubulu-Uku, Aniocha-South Local Government Area of Delta State. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, disclosed this to our correspondent on Thursday, saying the command has received a petition to that effect and investigations are ongoing to apprehend the perpetrators. The single lady was reportedly raped a few minutes after she returned from the farm, where she went to fetch some firewood with her wheelbarrow, to assist her widowed mom to earn a living. The Ubulu-Uku people at home and abroad had earlier called on the Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa and the Commissioner of Police, Mr Mohammed Ali, to unmask the perpetrators to face the music. Meanwhile, the mother of the deceased, Florence Ezeamaka, has explained how her daughter was raped and murdered in cold blood. According to Mrs Ezeamaka, who was widowed not too long, “my daughter may have been killed by those who had been trailing her for evil. “My daughter was a good girl who had been of great assistance to the family. I am a poor widow who is struggling to survive with my children. “On a fateful day, last Thursday, which was our market day, I had gone to work while my daughter had gone to the bush to fetch firewood, which was what she used to sell to make a living. “She had just returned home, because her wheelbarrow, loaded with wood, was parked in the house.” “Perhaps, it was when she was parking the wheelbarrow that she was hijacked by the criminals who took her to a nearby bush where she was raped in turns.” Narrating further, the widow said “when I came back from work and couldn’t find her, I raised the alarm, which attracted neighbours and our vigilance group, who quickly constituted a search party that later discovered her body in the bush. “She was strangled with her pant and a stick tied around her neck. Traces of blood were found in her private part, showing that she was raped in turns by the criminals who also stole her phone. “They robbed, raped, and killed her in the most horrific manner. What was her offence that she would be killed like a common criminal? “Why would people go to that extent to kill a human being in that unthinkable manner? I am still confused, I can’t comprehend why an easy-going and lovable Joy would be killed in such a terrible way.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Deaths, Recoveries, Less Cases Last Week Nigeria’s COVID-19 recoveries increased last week compared to the previous week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week, November 22 to 28, the 48th week of the pandemic in Nigeria, a total of 935 patients recovered and were discharged last week, compared to 885 who were discharged in the previous week… We Have Not Decided Yet To Call Off Strike — ASUU President t is still uncertain whether the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will end soon as President of the union, Professor ‘Biodun Ogunyemi said there were certain steps to be taken to reach that final conclusion on the issue… [ICYMI] Judicial Panel: I’m Unaware Nigerian Army Called Lekki Shooting ‘Fake News’ On Twitter – General Brig.-Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, Commander of the 81 Division, Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island has said that he was unaware that the Nigerian Army Headquarters had described the shootings at the Lekki Tollgate as “fake news” on Twitter…    trail of hoodlums who raped    trail of hoodlums who raped Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng