Ahead of Monday’s birthday event of former Lagos State governor and leader in the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, governors on the party platform has described him as a source of inspiration and guidance. Kebbi State governor and Chairman of the Progressives Governors Forum, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu stated this in a special message he signed on behalf of his colleagues to rejoice with the former Lagos State governor. Governor Bagudu recalled Tinubu’s commitment in the uncertain days of the formation of the APC, his contribution towards the party defeat of the erstwhile ruling party, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and his continued partnership to ensure success of President Muhammadu Buhari administration. While commending him for his efforts, the PGF maintained that it will continue to look up to Tinubu “for inspiring guidance.” The statement read in part: “Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) joins all Nigerians, to celebrate the birthday of His Excellency, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the APC. We celebrate this special occasion with Your Excellency and your entire family. “We in particular wish to acknowledge and commend your untiring and selfless leadership and commitment to a united prosperous Nigeria. We acknowledge your contributions to the emergence and growth of our party, APC. Emerging from opposition to a governing party through hard and very difficult negotiations, which has bestowed upon us the responsibility of managing the affairs of our dear country is a historic achievement that past political leaders of Nigeria were unable to achieve. “Under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari, in partnership with many other leaders of our party, including Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the politics of Nigeria is passing through fundamental changes, which is a necessary condition for the institution of enduring progressive governance. As our national leader, you certainly represent one of the inspirations for our successes. “We rejoice with Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and will always continue to look up to you for inspiring guidance.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!