Nigeria’s largest electricity distribution company, Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company Plc (IBEDC) has introduced another initiative to its electronic billing platform which enables customers to demand their bills promptly and conveniently via SMS. The e-billing scheme called Bills on Demand (BOD) is in continuation of IBEDC’s desire to leverage innovation and technology to improve customer experience. It is designed to deliver bills on request directly to the customer, thereby eradicating challenges such as misplaced bills or delayed delivery and other issues which are associated with the distribution of physical bills. Announcing the service, the Chief Operating Officer (COO), John Ayodele explained that BOD would aptly take care of customers who are far-flung and those on the fast lane line of businesses who may be too busy to monitor physical bills. Ayodele said, “What we have done with Bills on Demand is to create dedicated telephone number 07015555379 through which post-paid customers can pay the normal SMS rates to get their bills within seconds.” He also disclosed that the IBEDC Pay-Vending Mobile App has equally been upgraded to provide the customer with information on their service bands and tariff rates with respect to the new service-based tariff. The upgrade he said has also created the opportunity for customers to be able to check their last six vending or payments history, for a quicker turnaround time on bill related complaints. He said, “As a service-oriented organisation, we understand that a critical element for successful product development is customer convenience and flexibility. This is what we intend to achieve by providing our customers with these value-added services, and we believe that our customers appreciate services that offer convenience, eliminate hitches and also fit their lifestyle.” He further pointed out that IBEDC PayVending App is currently available on Android Playstore and will soon be available on IOS and other operating systems. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng