The newly inaugurated Executive Secretary of the National Sugar Development Council (NSDC), Mr Zacch Adedeji has pledged his readiness to learn, understudy and work with all members of staff across board for the overall growth and development of the council in particular and the sugar industry in general. Adedeji, who gave this pledge on Friday during his formal inauguration as substantive Executive Secretary of the council by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Chief Niyi Adebayo, also promised to be fair, just and objective in the discharge of his responsibilities. While thanking President Muhammadu Buhari for appointing him to head the council, Adedeji said he would welcome and work with inputs and suggestions from all members of staff, including inputs from the Ministers and Permanent Secretary to take the council to the next level. “I am ready to learn, relate, work and listen to all shades of useful and relevant views that would help the council to achieve its mandate. I pledge to build on the legacies and achievements of my predecessors,” he said. While on a familiarisation tour of the Sugar House, Headquarters of the NSDC, Adedeji said he was pleased with the conducive working environment in the Council, a development he said is rare in public service. “I’m very pleased with the things on the ground here. It is difficult to believe that this is a government office. The environment is clean, serene and things are all in order. Kudos to all of you, especially my predecessors, who made all these possible. “I have not come here to alter existing programmes and policies that are clearly working for the good of the Council but to join you in building on the legacies of my predecessors who have all done marvellously well in taking the Council to where it is today. “I’m particularly happy that we aren’t operating from a rented office complex. This is fantastic, I must admit,” he said. Zacch, as the Executive Secretary is popularly called, was earlier received by the entire members of the NSDC management team led by the acting Executive Secretary and Director, Policy, Planning, Research and Statistics, Mr Hezekiah Kolawole. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…