A 45-year-old woman, Mrs Motunrayo Olajide has been stabbed to death inside her home by suspected gunmen in Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital. The mother of three was said to have been killed at her residence located on 2nd Avenue, Aseye Street, Nova, Adebayo area of Ado Ekiti metropolis. The deceased, according to a neighbour, who claimed anonymity, was stabbed in the neck and died in the pool of her blood. The source said the incident was discovered when the deceased’s 11-year old daughter returned from school and met her mother’s lifeless body drenched in blood and raised the alarm to other neighbours. He said, “The people who committed the offence seized the opportunity that the woman was always at home to strike and kill her. “It was the daughter who returned from school around 5.30 pm on Thursday that raised the alarm and when we rushed there, we saw her in the pool of blood with a deep cut on her neck. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ekiti Command, ASP Sunday Abutu said the police were yet to arrest anyone in connection with the incident. Abutu said the woman was stabbed with a sharp object on her neck, which pierced the skin and created a deep cut that led to her bleeding to death. He said police detectives have launched serious investigations into the matter to unravel those behind the dastardly act. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…45-year-old woman stabbed  45-year-old woman stabbed 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..45-year-old woman stabbed  45-year-old woman stabbed NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided