Telecommunications company, 9mobile, is providing free access to lecturers and students on tertiary educational technology platform, MyClassConnect. 9mobile’s support will ensure that users can access the platform without incurring mobile data costs. The partnership with MyClassConnect, a cloud-based single educational technology platform that facilitates both virtual and physical learning efficiency in higher institutions in Nigeria and sub-Saharan Africa, is another avenue 9mobile is exploring to continue to provide innovative options for the academic community to continue teaching and learning while keeping safe during and after thepandemic. Commenting on the launch of the initiative, Executive Director, Regulatory and Corporate Affairs, 9mobile, Mr Abdulrahman Ado, said: “9mobile recognises the importance of leveraging technology to support very important segments of society like students and the academia. While the pandemic brought unprecedented disruptions to life and society, it has also shown us what we can achieve through technology and innovative thinking. That is why we are delighted to support edtechplatform, MyClassConnect, to expand access to efficient virtual and in-person tertiary teaching and learning while keeping safe.” “This gesture is driven by our passion for youth and our corporate focus on education as one of the strategic corporate social responsibility pillars at 9mobile,” Ado added. In his remarks, founder and Chirf Executive Officer of MyClassConnect, Mr Okwuchukwu Gospel Obi, said: “the platform enables the efficient handling of academic activities both online & in-person, including planning and delivering lectures, evaluating assessments with improved techniques, keeping up with educational communications out of social media to improve learning feedback, and tracking student learning progress with AI-driven data analytics.” Okwuchukwu further explained that with support from 9mobile, students and lecturers in Nigerian tertiary institutions could now seize the opportunity afforded by the MyClassConnect platform to continue learning without any disruptions making institutions more relevant beyond Covid-19. “With this platform, lecturers can without stress deliver lectures, manage and track learning progress in real time instead of waiting till end of semester, while students can learn seamlessly and provide feedback which improves the overall learning experience,” Okwuchukwu said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.