ETHIOPIAN Airlines has announced partnership with the African Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (Africa CDC) for the implementation of the African Union Trusted Travel Pass to make continental travel easier and safer amidst the COVID -19 pandemic. Following this, Africa CDC has mobilised a broad multi-stakeholder public private partnership with the help of its strategic partners, the PanaBIOS Consortium and Econet, and with the objective of addressing current challenges posed by citizens’ and institutions’ difficulty in accessing accurate health information, high costs and inconvenience in cross border travel, and poor data for health policy and biosecurity planning. The Trusted Travel pass program will ensure that country regulations regarding COVID-19 travel requirements are met with minimal room for error and hassle to the travelling public. According to Ethiopian Airlines, its customers will now enjoy hassle free travel experience with their travel pass helping them verify whether their medical information meets various COVID-19 regulations of their destination. Ethiopian Airlines has been the pioneer in introducing new technologies to make travel contactless and convenient in an effort to curb the spread of the pandemic and restore passengers’ confidence in air travel. This latest partnership according to the airline, considerably deepens this longstanding tradition by boosting the safety of passengers and nations alike; and reaffirms Ethiopian’s strong commitment to being a major part of the African pandemic recovery effort. Commenting on the implementation of travel pass, Mr Getinet Tadesse, Chief Information Officer at Ethiopian Airlines, Mr Getinet Tadesse  said “We are offering new digital opportunities to our passengers so as to fully and safely restore air travel. “We are pleased to have introduced a digital platform that will be pivotal in increasing the number of passengers while making air travel safer. The solution is capable of addressing passengers’ travel needs during COVID -19 pandemic as it helps them validate their test and vaccination documents before departure. “As a safety first airline, we are striving to make travel safe and seamless especially with regard to the implementation of COVID-19 prevention strategies.” For the Director of the Africa CDC, Dr John Nkengasong, while welcoming Ethiopian’s pioneering spirit and also underscored how such partnerships were critical in the present context! he declared “The scale of the challenge presented by COVID-19 demands an unprecedented level of both innovation and cooperation, which is why Ethiopian’s laudable decision to come on board Trusted Travel marks a watershed in the continent’s ongoing fightback against this pandemic’s quest to suppress the Africa’s development ambitions.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.