President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday said that Nigeria sharing more than 1,400 kilometres of border with the Republic of Niger, the country should be concerned about the stability of its northern neighbour. Speaking while receiving a report on the elections in the country from former Vice President, Namadi Sambo, who is ECOWAS Head of Mission on the election in the Republic of Niger, at the presidential villa, Abuja, he said: “We are concerned about their stability, and I am glad the elections went well. I am happy it was transparent, as attested to by most of the observers.” The president congratulated Sambo and his team for a job well done, stating: “I am glad you came back with good news.” The ECOWAS Head of Mission on the election said he met with all the stakeholders before the polls, which went into a run-off after the initial exercise in December last year was inconclusive, “and we observed about 400 polling units in five regions of the country, and the process was peaceful, done professionally. Every citizen was given the right to vote and be voted for.” A statement issued by presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina, informed that the candidate of the ruling party was announced by the electoral body having won more than 50% of the votes, a decision disputed by the opposition candidate, who has now approached the constitutional court for redress. It is the court that has powers to declare a winner in an election, according to the Constitution of the Republic of Niger. The former Vice President Sambo described the election as “a great improvement on that of December 27 last year,” and thanked President Buhari for facilitating the transportation needs of his team. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com