The crisis rocking the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) in Ondo State took a new dimension on Sunday as factional groups engaged in a free for all at Owode, Akure, the state capital. The cause of the fight is yet to be ascertained, but it might not be unconnected to leadership tussle rocking the union in the state. Two leaders of the union, Omoniyi Oni popularly known as Eniba and Wasiu Ibrahim, were reportedly attacked by suspected thugs allegedly sponsored by a faction of the union. Speaking on the attack, Oni who said they were caught unawares when the sponsored thugs traced them to a barbing salon and attacked them, beating them blue-black, and using dangerous weapons on them. He specifically alleged that the attack was masterminded by the chairman of the NURTW in the state, Mr Jacob Adebo, saying most of them sustained injuries and have been admitted at the police clinic where they are being treated. According to him, this incident was not the first time they would be experiencing such. He said he could not fathom the reason for the attacks, noting that they are all members of the ruling All Progressives Congress, (APC) in the state. He noted that they had been prevented from working for over a year when the NURTW chairman, drove them away from the garage for condemning his authoritarian style of leadership. “We are members of the APC and not opposition members. We all worked for the emergence of this government in the first and second term. “Governor Akeredolu is a lover of all and instructed us not to fight anyone but Idajo has been victimising us for no reason. He will seize our vehicles, and order his thugs to vandalise them. “The Governor has instructed that the Union should suspend its activities for now but they are still taking illegal money from us, attacking and beating anyone who is not in their clique ” Eniba said. Another member of the group, Toyin Olaoye Fayagbe alleged that “Idajo has turned the NURTW to its family business. He had driven us away from the garage for more than a year.” He, however, called on the state governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu to come to their aid as Adebo has run them out of business and they can no longer stand the provocation. All attempts to reach the state NURTW chairman, Adebo, failed as all calls to his phones were not successful. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com