Players and officials of the Sunshine Stars Football Club of Ondo State on Tuesday protested in Akure, the Ondo state capital, over an alleged plan to sell the club by the state government. Armed with placards of various inscriptions, such as “Mr Governor help us, “Our team is dying, “Don’t sell our team,  “Save Sunshine Stars “Pay us our salary, among others, walked from the Akure Township Stadium and terminated it at governor’s office, Alagbaka, Akure. The footballers who disrupted vehicular movement along the Oba Adesida road down to link to the Governor’s office lamented over the attitude of the State Government to the welfare of players, saying the development is responsible for the current form of the club, with the club currently battling relegation. Speaking on behalf of the protesting players, the captain of the club, Sunday Abe, said the players are currently owed seven months salaries while the unpaid salaries of officials are over 10 months. Abe said the players had been finding it difficult to cater for their financial demands due to the backlog of salaries, urging the state government to consider the players in its decisions. He said the situation has been affecting the performance of the club, which is battling with relegation and said “We’ve been suffering for a long while. Sunshine Stars is suffering likewise Ondo State. We don’t expect you to watch those who are not interested in the development of the state scheming to sell the club. “As players of the club, we’re being owed seven months salary while that of officials is more than 10 months. Also, we’ve not been paid more than 30 match bonuses. “Most of us in the club, we’ve made our names as players. So, we’ve nothing to lose if the club is sold but we’re concerned about those who make their daily living in the club. We’ve really sacrificed a lot for sunshine. “We’re forced to take this action because we’ve been pushed to the wall and our job has no pension. Two of our players are critically injured now with no money to treat themselves. “We heard that the Governor has given the instruction that the club should be sold but we did not believe it because to us, it’s a rumour. It’s the same governor who recently gave us a new bus. Speaking to the protesting players, the Deputy Governor, Lucky Ayedatiwa debunked the alleged plan to sell the team saying every stakeholder would be involved before such action is taken. Ayedatiwa, however, disclosed that the State Government is considering the option of sponsors who will assist the government towards building a formidable team for the state. He also said that government would work on the outstanding wages of the players. “We’ve been observing all that has been happening as regards Sunshine Stars. There’s no progress with the club and the issue of unpaid salaries has become a huge concern. “So, we’ve been brainstorming on how to rescue the club from going into extinction. That is the stage we are at present not the rumours that it has been sold. What we are looking for are sponsors, because government alone cannot do it.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Agro-industrialisation: Cross River fabricates easy to operate utility machine for farmers.  Sunshine Stars’ players protest   ;  Sunshine Stars’ players protest   ;  Sunshine Stars’ players protest .  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.