By Nurudeen Alimi  FEDERAL College of Agriculture, Ibadan and Emraj Global Services Limited, an agricultural firm, on Monday began a training programme for unemployed youths and women. Speaking during the opening ceremony of the training at the Federal College of Agriculture, Moor Plantation, Ibadan, Chairman, Emraj Global Global Services Limited, Abdulrasaq Raji, who was represented by the Chief Consultant to the company, Professor Boye Omole, noted that one of the major problems facing agriculture in Nigeria is post harvest storage, processing and value addition. “This year, we have conducted training on different agricultural value chain such as sheep and goat production for Ogbomoso farmers which was sponsored by Cocoa Research Institute of Nigerai (CRIN), cashew prodsuction value chain for farmers in Kogi state sponsored by Agricultural Research Council of Nigeria and poultry production value chain for youths and women in Rivers state. “Our resource persons would teach and give information on scaling, mixing kneading bulk ferment shaping and baking. Please, follow instructions and ask questions . Also, the processing and value additionn in cassava would be taught and demonstrated in the course of the training.” Addressing the participants, Provost, Federal College of Agriculture, Dr Mrs Oluwakemi Elizabeth Augustus, urged them to be punctual, make the best use of the opportunity to learn new skills that would put them in a good stead to face the challenges of a changing world. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com