The Ekiti State Commissioner for Health, Dr Oyebanji Filani, has declared that no fewer than 10,354 persons have been vaccinated with the  AstraZeneca vaccine across the 16 Local Government Areas of the state within one week of the mass vaccination. The Commissioner said a total of 78 teams were been dispatched across the state as the government ordered that the vaccine be taken to the grassroots for the people, hence the rise in the figure of people vaccinated within one week as of Sunday. The Commissioner said the vaccination had begun with highly placed public officials like Governor Kayode Fayemi and members of his cabinet and frontline medical personnel, urging residents to troop out and be vaccinated. Filani who spoke with newsmen on Sunday in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital cleared the air that the COVID-19 vaccines had no adverse effects on people. According to him, “At the start of the public vaccination a week ago, we dispatched 78 teams. But we have added an additional 18 to make it 96 because we have reached the local government level now. The vaccine is also available in all primary and secondary health facilities in the state. As of today (Sunday), about 10,354 persons have been vaccinated across the state. “We have not experienced significant or serious adverse effect in Ekiti, even in Nigeria. We are grateful to traditional and religious rulers for coming out to take the vaccines publicly, that is how it should be. “We are confident and we want to tell our people that the vaccine is safe and also it is free, we are not charging anybody. “In all secondary facilities, we have the COVID-19 vaccine kits where those with adverse signs can be referred for immediate treatment.” Filani said the administration of Dr Fayemi is committed to the free health services of his government, where the poor get free treatments for their ailments. The Commissioner added that over 30,000 people have registered for State Health Insurance Scheme(SHIS) to get highly subsidised healthcare, to prevent the untimely death of the citizens. On the welfare of medical officers in the state, Filani said: “The government has an excellent relationship with doctors, nurses and other medical officers. We pay their salaries, allowances as and when due and provide the conducive environment for their optimal performances.” The Commissioner said the government will continue to give impetus to the trade-medical practitioners to thrive in Ekiti. “We continue to support them to operate effectively in Ekiti. They are supposed to play complementary roles. We will have a department fully established here in my Ministry to regulate their practice because they have to conform to the global best practices. “Drugs are products of nature and once the herbal medicine is about nature, we are ready to embrace it.” Filani added that the government will continue to monitor all medical personnel operating in Ekiti public hospitals, saying the state won’t allow their laxity to compromise the safety of the citizens. The Commissioner clarified that cancer diseases are no longer a death sentence in Ekiti if detected early, saying the government has proficient experts that can handle radiotherapy, chemotherapy, surgery and hormonal treatments of victims. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…COVID-19: Ekiti vaccinates 10,354 residents in one week COVID-19: Ekiti vaccinates 10,354 residents in one week SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!