The Air Force Institute of Technology Consult Ltd. (AFIT Consult) last week sought partnership with the Kaduna ICT Hub (KAD ICT Hub), Kaduna, on research and development. Dr Bashir Ibrahim, Managing Director, AFIT Consult, who led the delegation to the KAD ICT Hub said that the partnership would help in promoting the institute’s research activities. Ibrahim also said that the collaboration with KAD ICT Hub, which he described as a “valuable asset” in Information and Communication Technology (ICT), would enhance the institute’s research in emerging technology. “We want to partner in developing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) for project monitoring, education monitoring and other areas to enhance security. “We are also looking at strong partnership on women and youth’s empowerment and other areas of development in Kaduna state,” he said. The Chief Executive Officer, KAD ICT Hub, Mr Yusuf Bashir, said that the Hub had trained no fewer than 10,000 residents of the state in different areas of technology in the last three years. According to him, the partnership with AFIT Consult would enable the Hub to scale up its technology intervention in the state and the country. “We are currently producing a world class software that will help improve Nigeria’s security situation and ensure the safety of lives and property. “Our partnership with AFIT Consult is a welcome development, not only in the area of security, research and development but also for women and youth’s empowerment,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.