The police in Lagos State have arrested a 28-year-old woman, Justina Eje, for allegedly stabbing her husband to death in the Ikorodu area of the state. A woman driver, Anita Harisson, who also reportedly knocked down a pedestrian to death in Ikeja and dumped her body in the bush has also been arrested by the police. The duo were among the suspected criminals paraded before newsmen on Monday by the state commissioner of police, Hakeem Odumosu, at the command headquarters in Ikeja. Eje, while speaking with journalists, during the parade admitted to have killed her husband but she insisted that it was self-defence. The woman, who claimed to have been separated from the father of her three children also claimed that the husband came to where she had relocated to when the incident happened. The woman narrated that “On that fateful day, my late husband, Edwin Anduaka came to my house in Ikorodu and said he wanted to collect a jewellery and a cloth from me after I had packed out of his house.” She added that “after I had given him those things he requested for, he insisted that there was still a problem but I was not prepared for the problem and managed to calm him down.” The suspect also continued that “He left and later returned to my kiosk, where I was selling boiled noodles and fried egg and asked for our children clothes. I pleaded with him that the children had gone to school ” “I was preparing food for one of my customers and I was holding a knife because I told him to wait till when the children would come back from school, he started beating me.” She claimed that “We started fighting and the knife pierced him in the stomach. He fell to the ground and was rushed to the hospital, where he died. Harrison, a woman driver, who was said to have dumped the body of a woman, whom she knocked down to death with her car into the bush, has blamed the incident on her other companion in the vehicle, on the day of the incident. She said that the woman advised her to dump the body in the bush when doctors at a private hospital, where the woman was rushed to confirmed her dead. Harrison narrated that “I was going to a function when I mistakenly hit a woman with my car, and I immediately took her to a private hospital in the area where she was confirmed dead by the medical director of the hospital. “I was contemplating on what to do and whether to take her to the mortuary and a woman who was with me in the car advised me to dump the body in the bush and ran away.” She also added that “When I asked the woman where to take her to, it was her who told me to dump her along Lagos Ibadan expressway. “I eventually dumped her in a bush in the area and went back home, while, at home, I couldn’t sleep throughout the night until the following day when policemen came to arrest me and I was taken to the State Criminal investigative department (SCID), Panti, Yaba for further investigation.” C P Odumosu said: “3/3/2021 at about 1500hrs, at Ikeja underbridge, one Anita Harrison, allegedly knocked down one Nofiat Idowu‘f’, of an address yet unknown with her LEXUS 300SUV. ” The police boss added that “the suspect swiftly rushed her to the hospital for medical treatment where she was confirmed dead.” CP Odumosu also continued that “She thereafter dumped the corpse in the bush along the Lagos-Ibadan expressway. The corpse was later recovered and the suspect arrested. The suspect will soon be charged to court.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Woman stabs husband to death as another dumps corpse of accident victim inside bush Woman stabs husband to death as another dumps corpse of accident victim inside bush