WITHOUT doubt, the advent of the Covid 19 pandemic has continued to take its toll on businesses. Interestingly, the nation’s multi-billion naira  integrated marketing communications  (IMC) industry seems not immune. But for the Marketing Edge Team,  the organisers of  the forthcoming virtual marketing summit, tagged: “Brand Management Imperatives & Challenges in a Post-Recessionary Economy,” it is time for the industry to shake off the lethargy, and discuss brand management  imperatives, especially in a post recessionary  economy. According to the Publisher/CEO of the marketing journal, Mr. John Ajayi,  the essence of the summit, scheduled for March 26, this year, is to further expand the frontiers of advertising and marketing knowledge in the IMC sector. He added that the inaugural quarterly virtual summit will feature seasoned and leading industry players, outstanding professionals, and titans as they share knowledge and insight on how to navigate the myriads of problems besetting the industry. “They are also expected to look at opportunities in building brands in the present age of the new normal and beyond,” Ajayi stated. The Marketing Edge’s boss expressed the hope that the summit would, at the end of the day, go a long way in leading conversation in contemporary issues affecting the entire gamut of the industry. “It’s another offering from the publication’s stable, aimed at setting agenda for the industry and also fulfilling its objective of promoting the brand idea. “We are excited to introduce Marketing Edge Quarterly IMC virtual summit as a premier event that will bring together the best minds in all IMC sectors at the highest level. This has become expedient in view of the fact that these uncertain times call for collaboration and conversation as we adjust to the fast-changing pace of the industry across sectors,” he stated. The virtual summit, sequel to the epoch making Marketing  Edge’s National Marketing Stakeholders Summit held virtually last October, will be led by  renowned marketer, Mr. Baba Awopetu, a growth-focused and thought-provoking marketing strategist at Stragmar. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…   Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng