As part of measures to address the insecurity challenges in the South-West geopolitical zone, Oyo State governor, ‘Seyi Makinde, on Thursday, held a closed-door meeting with the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams. Adams, who paid a private visit to Makinde, said that discussions centred on issues related to the security and economy of the South-West. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr Taiwo Adisa, quoted the Aare Ona Kakanfo, as saying that “I wrote all the South-West governors to meet them on the security and economy of the region and I am happy that we have met now. “I met the governor of Ekiti State two days ago and now. I am meeting the Oyo State governor. “It is very important that we interface on the prevailing issues within our region, especially that of security. What we are witnessing now is alien to our history. “Yoruba nation has been in existence for more than 8,000 years, I mean the Western region.” Iba Adams, who maintained that the content of the discussions between him and Governor Makinde would remain under wraps, said that the meeting was fruitful and that there was an agreement on how Oyo State and the entire South-West would be at peace. “We had a fruitful meeting. I can tell you that we are on the same page that Oyo State and the entire South-West should be in peace and harmony. “The issue of agriculture was also part of our discussion. The two governors have told me their own parts and strategies, especially on the basis of private initiative. I want to assure that we too will play our own part to bring investors to partner with them. “We have more confidence to complement the effort of the community. We have brought all the relevant security outfits together; hunters, OPC members, Agbekoya members. We are bringing them together so that we can have effective security in our environment.” The Aare Ona Kakanfo called for vigilance among the people of the state and the region, stating that the issue of security needs a collective effort. He said: “We have to be vigilant. All hands must be on deck on the issue of security.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng