Police operatives in Oyo State Police Command have rescued a staff of Polaris Bank, one Babatunde Dauda, and a palm wine tapper, Oluwaseun Oluokun, who were among the five people that were kidnapped on Ibadan-Ijebu Ode Road on Monday. Nigerian Tribune learnt that the abductors who were Fulani herdsmen, blocked the road at quarry site on Ibadan-Ijebu Ode Road, after Ibuso Gbooro, and close to Dally Junction at about 7 am. They were said to have jumped on the road from the bush on sighting two Toyota Camry vehicles approaching. One of the vehicles was occupied by two bank staff from Polaris Bank and Wema Bank each, with the driver on their way to their offices in Ijebu Ode, while the other car was occupied by those going to Ogbere, both in Ogun State. The kidnappers started shooting sporadically before taking captive the car occupants and a palm wine tapper who was just passing by on his way to the farm to tap palm wine. They were said to have spared the driver of the bank officials, asking him to go and tell their victims’ families of their predicament. Nigerian Tribune further gathered that when the case was reported at Idi Ayunre Police Station, the Divisional Police Officer, police personnel, operatives of Anti-Kidnapping Squad, different police tactical teams on the road, as well as local hunters, Agbekoya, Amotekun Corps and local vigilantes started combing the forest to rescue the victims and arrest the kidnappers. It was learnt that expended shells picked by the police included those of  AK-47 ammunition and cartridges. The pressure exerted during the search was said to have unsettled the kidnappers which made them unable to call the victims’ family members, and which led to the rescue of Polaris bank official and the palm wine tapper at Ogunmakin area at about 1 pm on Tuesday. They were reportedly beaten before they were let go by the kidnappers, it was learnt. As of the time of filing this report, the police were still combing the forest to rescue the remaining victims. Nigerian Tribune learnt that there was a kidnap incident a week ago along the same road, during which three victims were abducted. They were, however, released after payment of N500,000 by two of the victims while one of them was rescued free by the police. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi confirmed the abduction and the rescue of two of the victims by the police. The PPRO said that the police operatives were still combing the forest in search of the remaining victims, in order to secure their release. He stated further that the law enforcement agents were still after the abductors to arrest them.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng