The Director-General of the National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Professor Mojisola Christianah Adeyeye has assured of the determination and commitment of the Federal Government to eradicate the circulation of fake drugs in the markets in all parts of the nation. This is aimed at saving lives and safeguarding the health status of the people. Professor Adeyeye said this on Monday while inspecting fake and non registered drugs seized by the Kano Consumer Protection Council in Kano. She, however, lauded the efforts of the Kano taskforce on fake and counterfeit drugs for their collaboration with federal agencies in Kano which had lead to the tremendous success achieved. Professor Adeyeye urged other states of the federation to emulate what Kano State Consumer Protection Council was doing under the leadership of Alhaji Baffa Babba Danagundi in fishing out fake and counterfeit drugs in all parts of the state. She said the success achieved so far was a major milestone to stop the circulation of fake and counterfeit drugs in the entire nation. While speaking on the occasion, the Acting Managing Director of Kano Consumer Protection Council, Alhaji Baffa Babba Danagundi said, “We have possessed all the needed warrant and documents on the seized items. We are now waiting to burn them.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.