Some Yoruba groups on the platform of Assembly of all Yoruba Groups Worldwide have set aside June 12 as the day of referendum for Yorubas on self-determination. This was among resolutions reached at the meeting held at the Oyo State Secretariat, Ibadan, on Thursday, with the theme: “The Paramountcy of Yoruba Unity in Tackling The Insecurity Menace in Yorubaland.” As contained in the communique read by Otunba Deji Osibogun, the meeting held that Yoruba self-determination is non-negotiable. Noting various threat to security in Yoruba land, the meeting charged Yorubas, especially the elite, to return to protect their land. The meeting also tasked every House of Assembly in the South West to pass a resolution on the state of insecurity in Yorubaland. Furthermore, the Assembly called on members representing Yoruba constituencies in the Senate and House of Representatives to move a motion on insecurity in Yorubaland within the next 90 days, precisely June 25. The meeting also urged Yoruba groups to organise relief materials for victims ravaged by Fulani. This is as all Yoruba groups were charged to make unity of purpose their guiding principle, while a Yoruba Central Coordinating Council has been proposed. In his remarks, Professor Banji Akintoye represented by Dr Tunde Hamzat, stressed that the call for Yoruba self-determination should not be misconstrued as secession. Akintoye said the Yoruba nation will be achieved in a peaceful manner through the building of consensus and mobilisation of the people. Also speaking, Ambassador Yemi Farounbi stressed that Yorubas should be ready to defend themselves against threats to their lives. He charged all Yoruba individuals and groups to bring to bear their intellect, asset, knowledge for the cause of the Yoruba nation. Legal practitioner, Femi Falana, who made a phone call into the event, harped on the need for restructuring of Yoruba land. He called on Yorubas to take charge of their affairs and ensure the development of the Yoruba nation. To curb herders/farmers clashes, he urged the Yoruba nation to embrace ranching as it was in the times of Obafemi Awolowo. Groups present at the event included YorubaKoya, Soludero and several others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… | referendum on self-determination| referendum on self-determination| referendum on self-determination |