An  Engineers’ Forum, Blue Apple, is set to organise this year’s essay competition known as National Engineering Science & Tech Essay Competition (NESTEC) among engineering students in institutions of higher learnings in the country. The objective of the competition, which is an annual event, is to harness the untapped potentials and groom Nigerian youths in order to develop their capacity in research and technical paper/essay writing in line with global best standards. The maiden edition, known as NESTEC 2019, was instituted in November 2019 at the Ikeja Sheraton Hotel, Lagos, in partnership with the Nigerian Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (NIEEE). NESTEC 2021 edition will be held on 13 November 2021. The 2020 edition was suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The objectives of the programme are, to unlock the untapped potentials among Nigerian youths in the field of engineering science, promote research among engineering students and to encourage and develop capacity for technical paper and essay writing. Others are to introduce the students into mainstream trending and advances in engineering science and technology and to create global opportunities for students to showcase their talents. According to the Managing Director of Blue Apple Ltd, Engr Akan Michael, the 2019 edition was won by Abdulbaki Ahmad of Kano University of Science and Technology (first prize), Wojuola Oladamola of University of Nigeria, Nsukka, (second prize) and Ntah Frankline of Yaba College of Technology (third Prize). According to Akan, papers are invited from engineering students in tertiary institutions in Nigeria and that invitation for paper cuts across all fields of engineering and their subspecialties are welcomed. Authors, it said are free to choose topics that are original and relevant to the needs of the Nigerian society. According to the organisers, manuscripts presenting Original Research work(s) or any other original contribution(s) are welcome. The manuscript, it stated, should be written in English Language and that the paper should not have been published anywhere and should not be under consideration for publication elsewhere at the time of submission. Submission of abstract and full paper, it said, shall not be later than 30th of June, 2021 to info@engineersforum.com.ng or blueapple_ltd@yahoo.com. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com