THE Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN) has appointed Comrade (Dr.) Tommy Etim Okon, as Acting National President, to steer the affairs of the union. Dr Okon, until his appointment, was a National Vice President of the Association. He was unanimously appointed by the National Executive Council of the association at an emergency meeting held in Abuja on Tuesday, March 16, 2021. The ASCSN Secretary-General, Comrade Alade Bashir Lawal, said the NEC of the association unanimously resolved to appoint Dr Okon as the Acting National President of the union to oversee the activities of the association till the NEC directs otherwise. “This appointment is sequel to certain unforeseen development which stares the union in the face,” he added. According to the ASCSN, the Acting National President, Comrade Tommy was a two-term unit chairman of the association at the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment. A seasoned labour leader, Dr. Okon has attended ILO conferences in Geneva, Switzerland, for more than 10 years and is abreast with contemporary industrial relations best practices at the global level including the structures and workings of the trade unions in line with ILO standards. A versatile author, one of his books: ‘Keys to Sustainable Low Cost Housing Development in the 21st Century which has been translated into many languages, can be accessed on Amazon. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…