Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo and his Deputy, Comrade Philip Shaibu, on Monday, received their first jab of the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine, days after the state received over 81,080 doses of the vaccine from the Federal Government. Obaseki who was the first to take the jab received the vaccines at 12:28 pm and was followed by Shaibu, who got his own, two minutes later, at 12:30 pm. The governor, after receiving the jab during the COVID-19 vaccination inauguration ceremony, assured the citizens that the vaccine is safe. Obaseki, who noted that the vaccine might not be a hundred per cent proof as there might be some issues because of the different constitutions of human beings, however, allayed the fear about the safety of the vaccine. “However, on the balance of risk, this vaccine is safe, we understand the politics of vaccination particularly as it relates to this when the polio vaccine was introduced several years ago, the same fears were expressed,” he said. “The same fear of uncertainties were expressed, but however, the world went ahead with vaccination against polio, it may not have been hundred per cent, but today we’ve been able to kick out polio from our society, so, there is nothing new with this vaccine and the politics of the vaccine. “I decided this morning against all pressure to make myself available to take the vaccine, and I have done so. It’s a seamless exercise and I will be surprised if there would be any side effect,” Obaseki added. He, therefore, encouraged the people of the state not to listen to the fears being expressed, but go ahead and take the vaccination, particularly the health care workers who are daily exposed to COVID-19 patients; the elderly and those with underlying medical conditions. ALSO READ: NHRC panel orders IGP to arrest four policemen for failure to appear before it The governor commended the state’s COVID-19 team for its efforts at combating the pandemic in the state. Obaseki also commended President Muhammadu Buhari and members of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 for the vaccination initiatives which are being administered free of charge across the states of the Federation. Among those who received the jab at the ceremony were the wife of the governor, Mrs Besty Obaseki and the wife of the deputy governor, Mrs Maryann Shaibu. Other dignitaries at the ceremony, waiting to be vaccinated included, the Senator representing Edo South Senatorial District, Matthew Urhoghide, his counterpart from Edo Central, Clifford Ordia, former Edo South Senatorial District senator, Ehigie Uzamere, Secretary to Edo State Government, SSG, Mr Osarodion Ogie, the Chief Judge of the state, Justice Esther Edigin and the Speaker, Edo State House of Assembly, Marcus Onobun. Also included were: the Catholic Archbishop of the Metropolitan Sea of Benin, Rev. Augustine Akubeze, former National President of Pentecostal Fellowship, PFN, Rev. Felix Omobude, Chief Imam of Benin, Alhaji Abdufatah Enabulele, commissioner of police, Mr Philip Agbadu, among others. In her remarks, the state coordinator of the World Health Organisation, WHO, Mrs Faith Ireye, said that the COVID-19 vaccination inauguration first phase was targeted at health care workers and other frontline workers. Ireye said that WHO had endorsed the vaccine as safe and effective for emergency use, adding that the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) had also given its approval for the use of the vaccines. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE       Obaseki, deputy receive COVID-19 vaccine Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng