The market enterprise adviser for International Fund for Agricultural Development IFAD, Value Chain Development VCDP, Hajiya Fatima Buhari, on Wednesday said IFAD-VCDP has map out plans to boost financial status of cassava farmers in Taraba. Buhari disclosed this during an inspection visit to IFAD-VCDP assisted cassava processing centre Koppi, Gassol local government area of Taraba, noted that the IFAD-VCDP program aimed at changing the financial status of rice and cassava farmers, has designed plans to boost the production and processing capacity of cassava farmers in Taraba to change their financial status.  According to her, cassava farmers in the state through the intervention of IFAD-VCDP program have been the country’s pride through quality cassava cheeps production and processing. She disclosed that IFAD-VCDP was also making available plans to extend her activities to more local governments in the State to complement the farmers efforts and boost productivity of the commodity. Mr Irimiya Musa, state coordinator of the program noted at the event that the IFAD-VCDP decided to construct the cassava processing facility in Koppi to complement the farmer’s efforts and enhance hygienic and quality production and processing of cassava and improve their markets value. Dr David Ishaya, Taraba State Commissioner for Agriculture commended IFAD-VCDP program for improving the financial status of farmers in the state. He promised governor Ishaku’s continues support to enable the program impact more farmers in the state. Mrs Hawa Yunisa the Chairperson, Maintenance and Operation Committee of the Koppi cassava cluster expressed that the IFAD-VCDP program has transform the leaving status of farmers in the area, thank the Federal Government and IFAD-VCDP for providing a cassava processing facility. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… IFAD-VCDP raises financial hope  ;  IFAD-VCDP raises financial hope  ;  IFAD-VCDP raises financial hope