Tragedy struck in the security department of the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, when one of its local armed guards hanged himself at the weekend in his house at Kanmi bus stop, Ifewara Road, Ile-Ife. The incident threw the entire family of the deceased into a state of confusion as it remained unknown why he did it. Meanwhile, his co-workers who were also in a state of mourning over the departed, described him as a dedicated worker. According to one of them who preferred anonymity, “the deceased’s death will remain fresh in our minds because he was one of the committed workers in the department.” The circumstances that led to the incident were yet to be known. However, close associates and other family members attributed it to the current economic hardship in the country. A family member who did not want to be mentioned, however, disclosed that the deceased had been buried in his home last Sunday. Commenting on the incident, the institution public relations officer, Mr Biodun Olanrewaju said, “From what we learnt, he sent a text message to his mother, wife and children, complaining of lack of interest in living again. He left office, and he did not allow anybody to suspect him because almost four hours after he sent the text, he committed suicide. They just found his body dangling in his room. That was exactly what happened”. “And the university management sympathized with the family. He had a mother, wife and two children. The children and wife live with his mother.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… 