In line with his vision of giving priority to the empowerment of youths and their development in order to put them in better stead to assume leadership of the country in the nearest future, the caretaker chairman of Iseyin Local Government Area of Oyo State, Hon. Abilawon Mufutau Osuolale, recently empowered 200 youths across his local government last week. Osuolale during the empowerment distributed 10 portable generators, electric charging boards/ circuits and clippers in addition to cash empowerment to 200 of the youths in his local government. Speaking to the beneficiaries, Osuolale enjoined them to make judicious use of what they were given so that they can also be financially independent and upright citizens that contribute to the development of their community. “We enjoin our youths to make judicious use of these items in order to improve the economy of the town,” he stated, emphasising that in the 15 months of his administration, he and the committee members, as well as career officers, have been able to improve the lives of their people. According to him, they had embarked on constant rehabilitation of township roads to allow for free movement of goods and farm produce within and outside the council area and had constricted boreholes in Ode Olomu, Bode Isalu, Anjorin community, Oju Sango, Ekunle, Aduke Alao street, Opopo-Oloro and Isalu community among others. He explained that his administration engaged in an agricultural revolution by exposing local farmers to modern agricultural techniques while they also gave moral and financial support to existing primary and post-primary institutions in the local government area as well as corp members posted to the state during their orientation camp in Iseyin. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission in Progress: CENFEX HIGH SCHOOL, IBADAN , a centre for excellence in educational services, focused on quality education and character training. Date of exams: April 17, June 5 For details check www.cenfexschools.com.ng