IN its determination to continue to encourage cultural repositioning among Nigeria, as part of the new energy to make a global statement, the Director-General, National Council of Arts and Culture (NCAC), Chief Segun Runsewe, has unveiled a brand cultural package; Nigeria Food Basket, a showcase on the country’s food delight. According to Runsewe “The special cultural food basket we unveiled is a collection of Nigerian food items, locally produced by Nigerian small scale entrepreneurs. “This programme is intended to draw attention to the need to patronise made in Nigeria food as well as to promote Nigerian food culture and discourage the consumption of foreign food, most of which are preserved with chemicals that have long term effects. “The consumption of Nigerian food will create more employment for Nigerians especially the women, the youths and other vulnerable members of the society. “For Nigeria that is blessed by God with a variety of food items, the time has come to encourage Nigerian culinary delight. “Nations of the world are devising various strategies of mitigating the effects of COVID-19. “No doubt, the pandemic has come with severe hardship to all citizens of the world, but with the promotion of our brand of food, the effects of the pandemic will be minimised. “Globally everyone is now forced to look inward with a view to empowering their citizens so that they can cope with the realities of the moment. “Nigerian cultural foods are not only natural and rich in nutrients, but most of them are medicinal and help to build the body and boost the immune system. It is for this reason that the NCAC is collaborating with the Business Visa to implement this programme. “Nigerian food basket we are unveiling today has created over 2000 direct jobs, 2,500 indirect jobs and has the prospect of creating over five million jobs if sustained. Our ultimate objective is to make these cultural food baskets a handy gift for Christmas, weddings, naming ceremonies, birthdays and other related celebrations. “If we can promote and patronise our own products, the level of unemployment will reduce and it will also go a long way in empowering people economically.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…NCAC boss unveils Nigerian  NCAC boss unveils Nigerian Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…NCAC boss unveils Nigerian  NCAC boss unveils Nigerian