Some Stakeholders in the Agriculture and Environment sectors are set to establish a multi-stakeholder gender-sensitive platform for advocacy on nutritional food security in the country. Hajiya Salamatu Garba, the Founder Women Farmers Advanced Network (WOFAN) and Lead consultant on UNDP-GEF food security project said the platform became necessary to foster food security and enhance sustainability resilience of food production systems in Nigeria. Hajiya Garba said the project is supported by the United Nation Development Programme(UNDP) and Global Environmental Facility(GEF) in partnership with the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (FMARD) to implement a 5-year project. WOFAN boss said there was a need to come together as stakeholders in the agriculture sector to see how to enhance policy and institutional enabling environment to achieve improved food security in a resilient and value chain driven manner. She however appealed to the members of the group to put the interest of the group in their hearts and work to ensure that the aim of the project succeeds. “Most project dies after 1-2 years because people make money their priority and not the interest of the project “Let us not be sentimental, we should see the project as our own people, let us commit ourselves to see that this project work.” Ms Rhoda Dia, Project Manager Resilient Food Security Project said that the goal of the project is to enhance the long term sustainability and resistance of food production systems in Nigeria. She said there was a need to enhance the policy and institutional environment for achieving improved food security in a sustainable resilient and value chain driven There is a need to reduce gender disparities in agricultural production which affect overall sector performance According to her, the multi-stakeholder gender-sensitive platform is to advocate for sustainable agricultural and improved food and nutrition security ” The platform will enable consistent advocate for a fairer deal for small scale farmers for improvements in decision making on food production processing utilization and marketing. Mr Oladipo Osibo, UNDP Nigeria Climate Change Unit Representative said women must play a dominant role in nutritional food development and wealth generation. He however commended them for availing themselves the opportunity to serve and ensure that Nigeria addressed the issue of food insecurity and poverty. Mr Peter Dama, Chairman Rice Miller’s Association of Nigeria(RIMAN) commended the UNDP GEF project and WOFAN for bringing together different stakeholders in the agriculture sector to foster sustainable food security. He said there was a need for stakeholders in agriculture to stand up to their duty and see how women can be empowered to improve food production, processing and marketing. Mr Yusuf Abdullahi, Principal Agricultural Extension Specialist Rural Development Consultant has commended the organizer of the project to see how to ensure good food security. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Agric stakeholders partners FG  Agric stakeholders partners FG Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Agric stakeholders partners FG SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!