Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, felicitated the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on his 69th birthday. Sanwo-Olu described him as a political pathfinder, nationalist and detribalised Nigerian, who had contributed in no small measure to the socio-political and economic growth of the state and Nigeria as a whole. Sanwo-Olu, in a statement made available on Sunday by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Gboyega Akosile, also described Tinubu, the former governor of the state as a visionary leader and a rare mentor with exceptional abilities in various areas of human endeavours. The governor, who further described Asiwaju Tinubu as “a major stabilising factor for Nigeria’s current democratic dispensation,” recalled that the former governor left with impeccable records in Lagos State after setting the right template for economic growth and political stability. “As a pathfinder, Asiwaju charted the developmental trajectory of modern Lagos, raising the bar of governance and public service in the state and indeed, Nigeria. “A cheerful giver who cares about the welfare of the people, Asiwaju personifies tolerance and humanity. “The story of Nigeria’s democracy cannot be told without the name of the Jagaban Borgu written in gold. “Thousands are today direct beneficiaries of his political benevolence,” Governor Sanwo-Olu said. The governor equally rejoiced with the family of the former governor, especially his wife, Senator Oluremi Tinubu, friends, political associates, APC chieftains and members across the country on the occasion of his 69th birthday. He prayed to God to direct the footsteps of the foremost politician, to enable him to accomplish more in the service of the country and humanity. “On behalf of my adorable wife, Ibijoke, the good people of Lagos State and entire members of our party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), I felicitate with our leader and mentor on his 69th birthday. “As you march on to a higher pedestal in life, may The Almighty go with you every step of the way and may you accomplish more in the service of our dear country and humanity,” Sanwo-Olu said. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, has applauded the contribution of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to democratic development in Nigeria, as h his 69th birthday, which comes up on March 29. Hon Gbajabiamila, who was full of praises for the Jagaban of the Borgu Kingdom on the occasion of his 69th birthdate, said the Asiwaju has been living a fulfilled life worthy of emulation by all. The Speaker said Tinubu, a former senator and an ex-governor of Lagos State, has made his mark and has his footprints in the sands of time in the development of Lagos State and Nigeria. He said as a foremost democrat, a progressive at that, Tinubu’s doggedness, determination, resilience and commitment alongside other patriots made it possible for the entrenchment and deepening of democracy in Nigeria. In a statement he personally signed, the Speaker noted with delight that Tinubu is one Nigerian that carries everybody along, politically, socially and economically irrespective of tribe, ethnicity, religion gender or station in life. “This is a great day once again in the life of a great man and an exemplary leader, the Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, whose 69th birthday should be celebrated by all. “The Jagaban of Borgu kingdom means many positive things to different people. To some, he is an emancipator; to others, he is a great philanthropist. Yet, to some people, Asiwaju is a rallying point, a unifying pillar. “His democratic credentials are unrivalled. His philanthropic activities transcend borders. To the Asiwaju, life is nothing without touching the lives of people. “When he served as the governor of Lagos State from 1999 to 2007, he made his indelible mark and laid the foundation for the development of the state to what it is now. “Despite his achievements in life, the great Asiwaju does not blow his trumpet and remains unassuming, which is his hallmark. “For those of us that come from his “school”, we know that he stands for justice and fairness for all. His presence in our political space is more than a blessing to us all. “I make bold to say that our current crop of politicians have a lot to learn and gain from the Asiwaju. “I pray that the Almighty Allah will continue to preserve the life of this great man, give him the wisdom and good health to continue with the work of building our nation through various means available to him,” the Speaker said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Sanwo-Olu, Gbajabiamila felicitate Tinubu at 69 Sanwo-Olu, Gbajabiamila felicitate Tinubu at 69 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!