The authority of Universal Basic Education (UBE), Junior Secondary School, Nyiman layout, Makurdi, Benue State on Monday sent home female students of the school after a familiar spirit possessed seven of the girls. The familiar spirit is called “iyor genen” by the Tiv people in Benue State. The attack, according to the headteacher of the school, Catherine Ahom affected four students last Friday and three others yesterday, which prompted the school authority to send all the female students home. The headteacher who declined further details referred the Nigerian Tribune to the Education Secretary of the local government. Meanwhile, the Education Secretary, Makurdi Local Government Area Education Authority (LGEA), Patrick Aese told our correspondent that the attack is popular among a section of Tiv people in Benue State. While allaying the fear of people of the state, Aese said the attack was “not contagious neither is it transferable.” He said that the attack had been with a section of Tiv people for a long time, saying, “our forefathers inherited it from their fathers and it has been with us. “If it were to be in the village that it happened, they have particular herbs they will administer and within an hour they will come back to normal.” Aese said that the affected people were “allergic” to certain shades of colours, during such feats, thus making them react. “It is most common during burial and in most cases while whistling or making noise. Some colours like red trigger it among the affected people and when attacked, the affected people will be running and manifesting uncommon strength,” Aese said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided