The Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation (NAIC) has revealed that it paid the sum of N848 million as insurance claims to its insured farmers in 2020. NAIC revealed this in a statement from the Office of the Managing Director/CEO of the Corporation, Mrs Folashade Joseph, and signed by its Assistant General Manager (Corporate Services), Magdalene Omosimua. The statement also stated that in 2019 the Corporation equally paid the sum of N856 million to its insured farmers who suffered losses. The state further noted that NAIC, since its establishment as an agricultural risk management agency of the Federal Government, has continued to deliver on its major mandates of providing succour to farmers and comfort to financial institutions which lend to participants in the primary agricultural production sector. “To serve its clients who are located across the country, the Corporation has very experienced and dedicated staff in every state of the Federation and the FCT,” the statement added. The statement further enjoined agricultural investors and lending institutions to continue to partner with NAIC which it said is committed to the food security agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari and the interventions of the CBN. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…NAIC paid N848 million insurance claims in 2020 ― MD SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.