THE latest accusation of the leadership of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Captain Musa Nuhu of embarking on a vendetta mission against Azman airline due to the airline’s suspension has since set the entire sector on fire. The airline was slammed with suspension which prohibited it from carrying out flight operations due to number of dangerous incidents recorded in its operations. The airline in return had blamed the NCAA’s action on what it termed a vengeance mission from the DG to deal with the airline over personal issue that occurred between him and the airline five years ago while he was on the council of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) in Canada, Montreal. The accusation of the DG by the airline being the first of its kind has created tension amongst key players across the sector with many declaring that the indictment of the NCAA DG may paint the country’s aviation regulations in bad light before the global community. Many of the key players who have reacted through the various professional platforms have slammed the Azman management and accused it of blackmail with some even suggesting total ban on the operations of the airline to serve as a deterrent. In his reaction, the Chairman of Fly Hudson Aviation and former Deputy General Secretary of the Airlines Operators of Nigeria, (AON), Alhaji Mohammed Tukur has joined key players in condemning the statement issued by the Azman Airlines’ management after the suspension calling for the resignation of the airline chairman, Dr Abdulmunaf Sarina as the Chairman of Airlines Operators of Nigeria (AON). Tukur, a former managing director of Afrijet airlines who described the statement by the airline as reckless and unprofessional said by such action, the Managing Director, Alhaji Faisal Abdulmunaf was no longer fit to serve as the accountable manager of the airline. He also demanded that the Chairman of Azman,  Alhaji Abdulmunaf Sarina should honourably resign his position as the chairman of the domestic airlines’ body, Airline Operators of Nigeria, (AON) saying he has exhibited lack of integrity and honour to lead the body. According Tukur “for the airline management to choose blackmail in his respond to the action of the NCAA indicates lack of understanding of the aviation safety procedures. “It is not easy to witch hunt in this sector because the records and books on NCAA inspections are open and cannot be manipulated.” He called on the NCAA DG not to be deterred by the unfortunate blackmail, even as he suggested a withdrawal of the airline’s airworthiness certificate, (AOC) if found culpable to serve as a deterrent to other airlines. Among other key players who have condemned the action of Azman are fellow airline operators, unions and other professional bodies. In the same vein, the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE) has joined in condemning the reaction of the Azman Air management towards its suspension by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, describing the airline’s position as unfortunate. Speaking on behalf of the association, NAAPE’s President, Comrade Abdnego Galadima took a swipe at the airline for taking what he termed a parochial prism. “It is unfortunate that Azman air chooses to view the action through parochial prism. The sentiments expressed by the airline are unnecessary and unhelpful to the critical safety issues raised by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), given the cited myriad of incontrovertible safety breaches. Again, to interpret the patriotic NCAA act of ensuring that Nigerian Pilots and Aircraft Maintenance Engineers are considered first in employment in line with expatriates quota laws and executive order No 5 as vindictive is to demonstrate crass disdain for our laws. A situation where the operators intimidates/blackmail the regulator or tries to write its own regulation or are in cozy relationship with the regulator should never be allowed in the Nigerian aviation sector. “We, therefore, commend NCAA under the leadership of Captain Musa Nuhu as DG and pass a vote of confidence on his stewardship since he assumed office February 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.