No fewer than five persons have been reportedly killed while yet-to-be ascertained number of people have sustained gunshot injuries when armed robbers stormed Wema Bank and Microfinance banks located in Okuku, Osun State. Eyewitnesses told our reporter that the armed robbers stormed the bank around 1 pm and dismantled the ATM machines fixed in front of the Wema Bank. One of the deceased, a motorcycle operator was said to be in front of the bank when the robbers shot him. Another man whose identity is yet-to-be identified was said to be playing Ludo game in front of his house in the town when a stray bullet reportedly hit him in the chest. The tree other deceased persons, according to information gathered, were by-standers. Meanwhile, Osun State Police Commissioner, Olawale Olokode is said to be on the trail of the robbers. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com