Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo on Saturday hosted Nigeria’s Grammy award winning Afrobeat artist, Burna Boy, describing him as pride of the State. Wike made this assertion when Burna Boy, whose real name is Damini Ogulu, his parents and management team paid him a courtesy call at the Government House, Port Harcourt on Saturday. The governor said the state was proud of Burna Boy for the rare distinction of becoming a winner of the prestigious Grammy award. “There is no Rivers person that will say he or she is not happy with the kind of pride you’ve brought us. I am very happy and I can tell you, whatever you think we can do to promote you, we will continue to do it.” Governor Wike congratulated Burna Boy for the honour he has done to the people of the state all over the world. He explained that when news broke that Burna Boy was the winner in the Best Global Music Album category with his Twice As Tall album, the entire state was elated. “You’ve done us proud and we owe you a duty to show you love. Wherever you are, your people appreciate you.” The governor urged Burna Boy not to relent in his musical endeavour as the state government will continue to give him all the necessary support he requires. Earlier, Burna Boy said he was deeply grateful and incredibly humbled to the reception and honour to be conferred on him by the Government of Rivers State. “I really appreciate being here. This is probably the biggest honour that will be bestowed on me since I was born. It is one thing to win the Grammy and to be applauded everywhere else in the world and another thing to be loved in your own home and that to me is worth more than anything I can get. “So I appreciate you my governor for taking your time out to do this.” Burna Boy won the Best Global Music Album category with his Twice As Tall album at the 63rd Grammy Awards. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!