The Management of Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) has said that in an effort to bridge the metering gap and give energy consumers the opportunity to monitor their consumption, the company is targeting 24,000 households for metering on monthly basis. In a statement signed by Head, Corporate Communications, KEDCO, Comrade Ibrahim Sani Shawai, a copy of which was made available on Monday to pressmen in Kano, the company disclosed that the move is to ensure that we address all complaints related to the estimated billing system while ensuring equitable delivery of service through metering. According to the management, all hindrances slowing the metering to process in Kano franchise have been addressed in order to fast-track metering within the shortest time possible. His words: “In this regard, we are out to aggressively bridge the metering gap and give energy consumers the opportunity to monitor their consumption. “Our aim is to meter all our customers, hence our engineers have been trained and placed on standby for any customers who need meters. So we advise customers to come to our offices and fill in our forms for assessment and immediate installation. “In this light, we all wish to advise all our customers not to give in to meter bypass as such act sabotages our efforts to serve our genuine customers. “Our motive is to improve power supply, service delivery while ensuring that customers pay for what they consume but with meter bypass, this may challenge such motive.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts…