On the heels of his election into the FIFA Executive Council, Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello has congratulated President of the Nigeria Football Federation, Mr Amaju Pinnick on his landslide victory, and has urged him to remain committed to the growth and development of the sport in Africa. The governor’s congratulatory message was contained in a press release on Friday by his Chief Press Secretary, Muhammed Onogwu hours after Mr Pinnick’s emergence. Governor Bello noted that Mr Pinnick’s election as one of the six to represent the continent on the FIFA Executive Council was well deserving and a reward for his dedication and passion for the sport in Nigeria and his numerous strides as the NFF President, worthy of note were the stability and purposeful leadership he has brought to the Federation. He noted that Mr Pinnick was a loyal compatriot who within his time as NFF President rejuvenated the sport – both the local league and other areas – and has placed the country on the international map. The governor noted that the newly elected FIFA Executive Council Member was a worthy ambassador of the nation whom he was confident would through his office further bring the needed attention to football in the country and similarly attract plausible development to the continent. Earlier on Friday at the CAF General Assembly held in Rabat, the Nigerian defeated the Malawian FA President, Walter Nyamilandu by a landslide vote of 43 to 8 becoming the third Nigerian to be elected into the prestigious office after Oyor Orok Oyor (1980 – 1988) and Amos Adamu (2006 – 2010).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com