Tech giant, Apple Inc, is expanding its ‘Independent Repair Provider’ (IRP) programme to more than 200 countries. However, Nigeria was not listed in the programme. Nearly every country where Apple sells its products will be covered under the IRP. The programme offers repair providers access to genuine parts, tools, repair manuals and diagnostics for out-of-warranty repairs. Apple launched the programme originally in 2019 and expanded it to Europe and Canada last year. There are now more than 1,500 IRP locations serving customers across the U.S., Canada, and Europe. “Being a part of the Independent Repair Provider programme has been a huge benefit to my business, employees and customers,’’ said Scott Baker, owner of Mister Mac in Wimberley, Texas. “Since joining, we have received great support from Apple, and we are able to deliver that same level of service to our customers. “It has even brought genuine excitement to our town. “Apple says there is no cost to join its IRP programme. “To qualify, repair providers will need to commit to having an Apple-certified technician to perform the repairs.’’ Qualified repair providers can purchase genuine Apple parts and tools at the same price as AASPs and receive free access to training, repair manuals and diagnostics. Beginning later this week, Apple would expand the programme to countries like Afghanistan, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Cook Islands, Fiji, Guam, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Laos, Macao, Malaysia and Maldives. Others are Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, New Zealand, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Tonga, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Vanuatu and Vietnam. Apple would expand the programme to other countries and regions later this year. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.