As Nigerians celebrate the Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo who turns 64 today, his Spokesperson, Mr. Laolu Akande is sharing insight into the VP’s leadership qualities in an interaction with the media last night soon after the President described the VP “as a reliable and dedicated deputy.” Akande said the kind of relationship that exists between the President and the VP inspires “many of us, and can definitely energize significant national rebirth and development even at a time like this.” He added that by following the President dutifully and faithfully, Prof. Osinbajo has demonstrated that good leaders are first good followers and to use the word of the President, “reliable” team members. “Because Osinbajo is reliable in the discharge of his duties and cool-headed as Mr. President noted, he becomes an example that many are so willing to follow and emulate in life. I do,” the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the President, in the Office of the Vice President disclosed. According to Akande, “ the reason why many younger people seek after Prof Osinbajo and their quest to have him attend to issues is because many see him as someone who is believable and they can relate with. “The Prof. has effortlessly and managed quite comfortably to connect with the younger people and his messages easily resonate with them. “Even his peers and in many instances those older than him also find him exemplary, all you need to do is to review what many of these or those ahead of him have said about him publicly. The latest is from the President when he said his deputy “is an incredibly patient politician who demonstrates remarkable intellectual and mental energy in the discharge of his duties.” Continuing Akande noted that “Greatness comes in twin pieces. You follow well and learn leading well. You work hard and understand the value of reward. Osinbajo is following well and  working hard.” He concluded that “So in moments when the seat is hot and the atmosphere is charged, people like Vice President Osinbajo, endowed with an incredible manifestation of the Grace of God, can stay in the game and show us as a nation and a people to what is increasingly possible when we follow right and lead well. Happy birthday my dear Prof! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to rekon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com