A 35-year-old man of Lusaka wants to be divorced from his wife after she acquired healing powers and the ability to predict sales of his business. John Mumba of Makeni Simonson area, Zambia, married Margaret Mukankaolwa, aged 30, in 2017 and the two have a two-year-old daughter. According toJohn,  their marriage was going well until Margaret became a prophetess at Holy Ministries Pentecost Church. In a divorce case against his wife, John told the Kanyama Local Court, that he loved his wife but couldn’t continue to be with her especially in bed after seeing how holy she has become over the years. John begged the court to dissolve his marriage to Margaret. He explained that it was uncomfortable  for him to ask Margaret for sex especially after seeing her healing people and recruiting people to faith. “I know this sounds stupid but how can I have sex with a woman who can even predict my business sales.  Imagine asking her for sex after she has just interceded and healed people. She is too holy for me, John said. John explained that when he married Margaret, she was just an ordinary member of the church but later started having visions which led her to become a prophetess. In her defense, Margaret said despite her busy church schedule she had performed all the required duties of a wife to her husband including sex. Margaret said no matter how many visions and people she healed, she was still a wife and she knew her limits. “I don’t see any reason why my husband wants to divorce me, I have been a good wife. I have given him sex in any way he wants because, so long the two are married and they both agree on how they should make love then there is no problem, “Margaret said. Passing his judgment, the magistrate, Mubukwanu Matalaka, refused to grant divorce to John on the ground that he does not see any problem that can make two people part ways. The court said the couple needed to sit and try to solve the problem why John feels guilty whenever he is making love to his wife. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Upcoming artistes in Nigeria  Upcoming artistes in Nigeria 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…Upcoming artistes in NigeriaUpcoming artistes in Nigeria Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com