The Olori Ilu of Imope, Imope-Ijebu, Chief Tajudeen Omotayo, has regained freedom from his kidnappers. Omotayo was abducted on Saturday afternoon on his return from an outing. A credible source told Tribune Online that the abductee was released to his family members at about 8.00pm on Tuesday. The source said a sum of N5.5 million was parted with as ransom to the kidnappers. Omotayo spent more than 72 hours with his captors. He was reported to have been beaten mercilessly and has since been hospitalised for treatment at an undisclosed hospital. The state Police Public Relations Officer,  Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed that the community leader had been released, while denying  knowledge of payment of any ransom. The PPRO said the state Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, was at Ijebu-Igbo, till about 7.00pm on Tuesday over the case. He said, “The community leader has been released. The Commissioner of Police, myself and other police officers were in Ijebu Igbo till about 7pm yesterday (Tuesday). “I was not aware of payment of any ransom.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… 