EMIRATES airline has become one of the 10 leading airlines to sign agreements with UNICEF to support the prioritisation of delivery of COVID-19 vaccines, essential medicines, medical devices and other critical supplies to respond to the pandemic. Emirates agreement with UNICEF formed part of the Humanitarian Airfreight Initiative launched by UNICEF to expedite transportation of COVID-19 vaccines around the world. The Initiative is also expected to act as a global logistics preparedness mechanism for other humanitarian and health crises over the longer term. The UNICEF Humanitarian Airfreight Initiative has brought together the airlines covering routes to over 100 countries, in support of the COVAX Facility, the global effort aimed at equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines. Based on the COVAX Facility’s indicative distribution and first round allocation plan, 145 countries will receive vaccine doses starting in the first half of 2021, subject to all requirements being met and final allocation plans. In addition to prioritising shipments of these life-saving supplies, the airlines will take measures such as temperature control and security, while also adding freight capacity to routes where needed. Hence, Emirates SkyCargo has set up a dedicated hub for COVID-19 vaccines in Dubai for the global distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. Commenting on the development, Director of UNICEF Supply Division,  Etleva Kadilli declared “We are grateful to these airlines for joining forces with the UNICEF Humanitarian Airfreight Initiative to support the roll-out of COVID-19 vaccines.” Emirates Skycargo has extensive EU GDP certified infrastructure in Dubai for transport of temperature sensitive pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Emirates SkyCargo is also part of the Dubai Vaccine Logistics Alliance. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided