Three police officers, Inspector Austin Ugwu, Inspector Longinus Ugochukwu and Constable Ama Ifeanyi were on Monday killed by gunmen in Abiriba, Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the officers were ambushed at Agu Eze Amaogudu community in Abiriba, at about 8.30 am, killed and their two rifles taken away by their murderers. It was gathered that the three officers were serving at the Abiriba Police Division where they came on Monday morning to perform their lawful duties, only to meet their untimely death. Their death caused panic and tension, prompting the state governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu to send his deputy, Sir Ude Oko Chukwu, to meet with the people. Oko Chukwu who arrived the scene shortly after the incident, assured the people of Abiriba that government will deploy all necessary resources available to it to ensure the protection of all law abiding citizens. He visited the crime scene and the divisional police headquarters, Abiriba where he sympathised with the families and friends of the deceased and prayed God to give them the fortitude to bear their loss. The deputy governor called for community vigilance and support to security agents to ensure that the perpetrators are quickly identified and brought to justice. “The government is saddened by the unfortunate attack of this morning which led to the loss of lives of police officers at Agu Eze check point. “My boss, Governor Ikpeazu on receiving the news asked me to come here and assure you that we will do everything possible to apprehend the perpetrators of the dastardly act and protect Ndi Abiriba and all law abiding people in the state. “We call on you to maintain vigilance in order to fish out criminals and hoodlums who may want to come here to attack innocent people as they go about their legitimate businesses. “Government will give you all the necessary support and we have spoken to the security authorities to avoid indiscriminate arrests, but ensure a painstaking investigation that will ensure that only those responsible for the dastardly act are brought to justice as quickly as possible,” he said. Oko Chukwu also visited traditional rulers of the community and assured them of government’s support to ensure that the perpetrators are brought to book. He advised that a proper community vigilante and information gathering mechanism be put in place to ensure prevention of further crimes.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…