State government has suspended the proposed dialogue between the banned cleric, Sheikh Abduljabbar Nasir Kabara and representatives of a coalition of Islamic scholars which was scheduled for today. It will be recalled that the state government and the Magistrate’s Court had barred Sheikh Abdul-Jabbar Kabara from preaching and making a particular comment that is allegedly injurious to peaceful coexistence in the state. The cleric subsequently begged for a debate so as to accord him fair hearing which the state government obliged. However, the magistrate’s court presided by Muhmmad Jubril on Friday restrained the parties from going ahead with the debate pending the determination of an application brought before it by Maruf Yakasai who wants to be joined in the suit as an interested party. The court insisted that its earlier order of February 8, 2021, which suspended Sheikh Abduljabbar from further preaching in the state, should be maintained by all parties just as it adjourned the case to March 22 for further hearing. In reaction to the development, the state government called on the people to remain calm pending the outcome of a court ruling in the matter.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided