Four state governors and three serving senators elected on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) were, on Monday, prevented from travelling for the 12th edition of the Bola Ahmed Tinubu Colloquium holding in Kano State. The governors – Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos), Gboyega Oyetola (Osun), Dapo Abiodun (Ogun) and Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti) – and the senators – Kashim Shettima (Borno Central), Olamilekan Adeola (Lagos West), Tokunbo Abiru (Lagos East) and Opeyemi Bamidele (Ekiti Central) – resorted to following the programme online from the Nnamdi Azikwe Airport, Abuja. This was revealed by Chief Press Secretary to Lagos State governor, Gboyega Akosile, on Twitter on Monday morning. The tweet reads: “Due to poor weather condition, Governors @jidesanwoolu @GboyegaOyetola @dabiodunMFR @kfayemi  Senators kashim Shettima, @YAYIAdeola @TokunboAbiru @SenatorMOB joined the 12th @AsiwajuTinubu @thecolloquium_ at the Nnamdi Azikwe Airport, Abuja. #TinubulsKey.” Due to weather condition, Governors @jidesanwoolu @GboyegaOyetola @dabiodunMFR @kfayemi Senators kashim Shettima, @YAYIAdeola @TokunboAbiru @SenatorMOB joined the 12th @AsiwajuTinubu @thecolloquium_ at the Nnamdi Azikwe airport, Abuja.#TinubulsKey pic.twitter.com/cWXJF7Ha2A — Gboyega Akosile (@gboyegaakosile) March 29, 2021  The colloquium with the theme: “Our Common Bond, Our Common Wealth: The Imperative Of National Cohesion For Growth And Prosperity” forms part of activities billed to commemorate the 69th birthday of the national leader of the APC. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!