SIFAX Group, a group of companies with investment in Maritime, Aviation, Oil & Gas, Haulage & Logistics, Financial Services and Hospitality, in line with its industry leadership objectives is charting a new course for the funding of critical infrastructure development in the country’s maritime sector. The company in partnership with the Nigeria-South Africa Chamber of Commerce is set to bring together key industry stakeholders to discuss the alternative sources of funding critical infrastructure development in the country’s maritime sector. This will be the focus of the Chamber’s monthly business networking event scheduled to hold on Thursday, March 25, 2021. The virtual event’s topic is “Public-Private Partnership as Alternative Financing Model in the Maritime Sector”. The guest speaker is Mr. Alex Okoh, Director General, Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE). Bode Ojeniyi, Group Executive Director, SIFAX Group noted that the partnership with the Chamber of Commerce is designed as a melting pot for policymakers and prospective investors in the sector to discuss and exchange ideas on financing projects such that the industry can contribute better to the country’s economic growth. He said further: “Riding on the enormous success achieved through the concession of port terminals by the Federal Government, SIFAX Group believes there are more opportunities for private sector participation in the country’s maritime sector. SIFAX Group wants to be at the forefront of this discourse and wants to use this event to rally stakeholders for advocacy in this direction.” Dr. Alex Okoh, Director General, Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE) is expected to lead the discussions drawing various insights into how PPP can help the government overcome the many challenges confronting the maritime sector. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.