PROFESSIONALS across the different sectors of the nation’s economy have, again, stressed the  imperative of encouraging local content development by engaging  Nigerian professionals  in their areas of  comparative advantage. The professionals, under the auspices of the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria (APBN),  argued that  engaging indigenous professionals had become imperative if the nation would  realise its dream of being among the best economies in the world. Speaking at the association’s Second Board Meeting, hosted by  the Nigerian Institute of Building (NIOB), APBN’s president,  Surveyor Akin Oyegbola,  stated that the association would  not relent in its efforts in ensuring  that local professionals were given the much-needed attention  in the country. He added that  one of the ways the association intended to achieve that was to, continually, engage critical stakeholders, especially those in government , in order to make them realize the  danger inherent in giving undue advantages to expatriates, over their local counterparts. Surveyor Oyegbola expressed his delight at the outcomeof the Board meeting since it provided the association the opportunity to, seriously, engage with representatives of the federal government, and chart a way forward for local contents development. “The Board of APBN will continue to emphasise  the need to encourage local content development, by engaging Nigerian professionals in areas where they have comparative advantages. “By patronizing local professionals, in compliance with the Local Content Act 2010 and the Executive Order No.5 (EO5 of February 2018) the federal government is directly and indirectly sending a strong signal to the world that Nigerian professionals are no pushovers,” he stated. While commending the federal government for being part of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) Agreement, Surveyor Oyegbola however stressed the need for indigenous  professionals to leverage  the trade agreement; since it provided them the channel of exploring varied opportunities in the vast African markets. The APBN boss however expressed the association’s concerns on the planned increase in the prices of petroleum products, insisting that  such increase would further compound the woes of many Nigerians. He therefore urged the federal government to introduce a system of pricing that would aid economic development and ameliorate the resultant burden on the citizens. In an exclusive chat with Brands & Marketing after the event, the Guest Speaker, Dr. DanAzumi Ibrahim,  expressed federal government’s commitment  to promoting  and engaging  competent indigenous professionals, rather than bringing in, indiscriminately,  expatriates to prosecute jobs that could be handled by Nigerian professionals. Ibrahim, who is the  Director General, National  Office for Technology Acquisition and Promotion (NOTAP), stated  that one of the ways the incumbent government had demonstrated such commitment was through its Executive Order  5, which, he added, the government was vigorously pursuing. According to him,  the federal government was gradually moving towards the implementation  of the Order, signed by the president, to encourage Nigerian professionals. He added that the federal government,  through NOTAP, would be collaborating with different professional associations, such as the APBN, with the aim of developing  a database that would consist of list of qualified professionals in the country, as a way making the Order work. “By doing that, we are sure that with the click  of a button, we are able to know where to find who, especially when projects are about to be implemented, instead of  the tradition of looking beyond the shores of the land for professionals that would execute such projects,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided