The Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) has tasked Governor Bello Matawalle to expose those behind the abduction of the students of Government Girls Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara Local Government Area of the state. In a statement issued by the national chairman, Chief Audu Ogbe and made available to newsmen in Kaduna on Tuesday, he said the forum was stunned by a statement credited to the Zamfara governor. According to the statement, “The governor is reported in the media to have told 17 emirs who paid a sympathy visit to him on the kidnap of 317 school girls from Government Girls Secondary School Jangebe in Talata Mafara that he knew the identity of the kidnappers and if he revealed their identity, Nigerians will be shocked. “We ask the governor to reveal their identity and let Nigerians be shocked or even the heavens fall. “We also ask the security agencies to question the governor on the identifies of the criminals he is trying to hide. “If he refuses to disclose their identities, he must be treated as an accomplice to the criminal act of kidnapping. “The ACF has been embarrassed by the spate of kidnappings especially of school children spreading like wild fire all over the north. “People in positions of authority that will help us out of this mess like Governor Matawalle must stop embarrassing the north and country with careless statements on a serious issue like the kidnappings of school children. “Zamfara State and the north are way behind the rest of the country in educational development. “The serial kidnappings of school pupils in the north will only worsen a bad and unacceptable state of education in the North.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided