Sokoto State government has in the early hours of Thursday taken delivery of consignments of the Oxford-AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines from the Federal Government. An official from the federal ministry of health who spoke on condition of anonymity said 68,660 doses were delivered to officials of the state government at the Sultan Abubakar III international airport. Meanwhile, the state commissioner for health and chairman of the COVID-19 taskforce, Muhammad Ali Inname, said the state has adequate storage facilities for the vaccines. He further said the state has also marshalled out plans for sensitisation of members of the public on the importance of the vaccine. He says on the priority list to be vaccinated are health workers in the front line of the fight against COVID-19 as well as other health workers in all the health facilities across the state. According to him political leadership in the state, as well as traditional rulers and religious leaders, will follow on the list of persons to be vaccinated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Close To ‘Flattening The Curve’ ― Analysis Nigeria may be close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic as confirmed cases in the country keep dropping weekly, Tribune Online analysis has shown. This is even as the much-expected COVID-19 vaccines arrived in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory last Tuesday… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Sokoto receives 68,660 doses of COVID-19 vaccine Sokoto receives 68,660 doses of COVID-19 vaccine Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided 2021/22 Admission: Seed of Life College, Ibadan, a school to reckon with for academic excellence. Date of exam. March 20,2021. For details check www.seedoflifeschools.com