Anambra State Police Command has arrested some unidentified number of suspected men alleged to be involved in gay activities at a hotel in Dunukofia Local Government Area of the state. The suspects were arrested by police operatives attached to Ukpo police station. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the suspects mostly men of different age brackets where arrested following a tip off of information from one of the workers. An indigene of the community, who pleaded anonymity, explained that homosexuals were holding a party at the facility when trouble ensued, leading to the invitation of Policemen from Ukpo Police Division. It was gathered that the suspects were taken to Police Anti-cult Office in Ukpo for further investigations. However, the Police Public Relations Officer of the Anambra Police Command, CSP Haruna Mohammed, said the report of the incident has not come to his desk as of the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided