Founded in 2014, Binomo is a multi-asset online trading platform that caters to investors in 133 different countries. With over 40 assets to choose from and 900,000 active investors, Binomo is one of the largest brokers globally and is especially popular in countries like India, Brazil, Indonesia, Vietnam, and Turkey. One of the reasons for their success is that serious VIP investors can see returns of up to 90% when predicted forecasts are correct. Not only that, Binomo offers their investors excellent features and it’s one of the best platforms for new investors to find their wings. Do you think Binomo might be the right online brokerage platform for you? In this review, I’ll give you all the information you need to make an informed decision. Exciting Features Virtual portfolios or demo accounts allow interested investors to try Binomo services at no cost to them. Binomo will deposit $1000 in virtual cash into the investor’s demo account and they can dive in and discover everything this company has to offer. While some brokering companies give interested investors a watered-down version of their paid account, Binomo does not hold back! The user interface you engage with on their virtual portfolio is identical to a paying investor. Therefore, anyone interested in Binomo can get a real feel for their platform and what to expect should they pay for their services. Bonomo offers a wide range of offers and promotions for their paying customers that are offered 365 days a year. Some of these include percentage top-ups on deposits and sign-up bonuses. It’s good to note that those that have VIP accounts will get more lucrative offers and promotions than those investors with a standard account. There are four different account types available on the platform and one of them should fit the investor’s fiscal budget. Here is a breakdown of their tier-based accounts and what they offer: Things You Should Know Binomo restricts trading on popular areas meaning an investor can only buy and sell so many assets in that area at any given time. Social trading aspects popular on other brokering platforms are not supported on the Binomo platform and the company only offers short-term trading. Customer Reviews Rohit Rawat from Trustpilot says: “Binomo is a user-friendly platform that provides good online trading experiences. Thank you for the video which cleared all my remaining doubts.” Succinctly, Binomo is a great platform for new investors who want to learn about online trading. With a plethora of competitive features and tiered accounts, it’s no wonder Binomo is one of the most popular online trading platforms in the world. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.