The Federal High Court, Abuja has granted an interim order to the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to freeze eleven accounts of five companies and an individual. The interim order, according to Justice Ahmed Mohammed will last for 45 days to enable the apex bank to conduct investigations into suspicious activities. The order followed an exparte motion, dated March 12 and filed on March 16, for an order of the court, directing First City Monument Bank (FCMB) Limited, to freeze all transactions on the listed accounts and all other bank accounts of the defendants for 180 days pending the outcome of investigation and inquiry currently being conducted by the CBN. According to a statement by the CBN,   the plaintiff, the listed names of the defendants/respondents include Albert Austin Ugochukwu with two bank accounts, Belfour Energy & Allied Services, Belfour Oil and Gas Limited with three bank accounts, Circle Flow Integrated Services, Kacynaus Reality Nigeria Limited with three bank accounts and Tasmara Integrated Services. The court gave the order after considering the affidavit in support of the application, affidavit of urgency, verifying affidavit and affidavit of non-multiplicity of action, deposed by an Assistant Manager of the CBN, Oluwatoyosi Suwebat Oladipo, together with an attached exhibit. The order  reads, “An interim Order is made empowering the applicant to direct the Head Office of First City Monument Bank Ltd to freeze forthwith all transactions on the bank accounts listed on the motion paper for a period of 45 days only pending the outcome of investigation currently being conducted by the Central Bank of Nigeria.’’  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.