Governor Ben Ayade of Cross River State Governor,  on Tuesday met with the French Minister of Foreign Affairs & Economic Attractiveness, Franck Riester, on the sidelines of the Nigeria Governor’s Forum meeting in Abuja, seeking collaboration with the French Government on agriculture. At the meeting, the governor discussed developmental issues in the state and areas requiring collaboration, just as he solicited the cooperation of the French Government to further consolidate on the gains of his administration and urged the French envoy to consider Cross River a priority state in the country’s intervention programmes and diplomatic relations with Nigeria. Governor Ayade reiterated the state’s willingness to partner with French companies to deliver more infrastructure for the benefit of the people while exploring areas of mutual cooperation and trade interests. He listed areas of intervention in the state to include Agriculture, Healthcare, Education, Housing, Power, Super Highway as well as Deep Seaport. The French Envoy, Frank Riester, in his response, assured that Cross River State would be given priority by France in her interventions and diplomatic relations with Nigeria. Riester, who was briefed by the French Ambassador to Nigeria, Jerome Pasquier, who recently took a tour of Ayade’s projects across the state while on a 2-day working visit, said he was impressed with Ayade’s drive to industrialize Cross River. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Ayade seeks collaboration  Ayade seeks collaboration Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Ayade seeks collaboration  Ayade seeks collaboration SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.