More women than men are likely to die of stroke, with their risk increasing after menopause. A family and emergency medicine practitioner, Dr Michael Ajakaye, made this disclosure as a guest speaker during a virtual discussion on stroke organised by the Association of Mass Communication Graduates, Ogun State Polytechnic (AMACOG), Class of ’92, on Saturday. Ajakaye noted that women have only a lower risk than men before attaining menopause. However, the medical expert noted that the risk, for both men and women alike, increases once 55 years is attained. This is as he noted that stroke has a genetic link with both men and women at high risk if any member of their immediate family had once suffered a stroke. Ajakaye warned that persons recording a blood pressure of 130/80 MM HG and above are at higher risk of stroke. In addition, persons with diabetes which increases plaque buildup in the arteries, high cholesterol and circulation problems are at risk of suffering stroke. In terms of lifestyle, he warned that tobacco smokers, alcohol consumers, lovers of fried foods and snacks, those with reduced physical activity, those not maintaining a healthy weight are also at risk of stroke. Though he noted that Nigeria does not have statistics on stroke, Ajakaye noted that people should seek medical help once they notice face drooping, weakness of one arm over the other, slurred speech, sudden numbness of one side of the body. Also, Nigerians are asked to be wary of sudden confusion, trouble speaking, sudden trouble seeing with one or both eyes, sudden trouble walking, sudden severe headache. Upon seeing such symptoms, Ajakaye stressed that a CT scan within seven days of having a stroke will be helpful. While advising against smoking, consumption of alcohol, Ajakaye stressed that a balanced diet with appreciable consumption of fruits and vegetables was also crucial to not having a stroke. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… More women than men likely to die of stroke ― Medical Expert SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.