The Bayelsa State Vigilante Service on Thursday arrested 28-year-old Godwin Sunday, 21-yer-old Anna Samuel and and 23-year-old Better Okorie for allegedly robbing N5,000 from a 15-year-old girl, Boma Sunday, at the ever-busy Tombia Market in Yenagoa Local Government Council. The 15-year-old was said to be waiting by the roadside to board a tricycle home when the three-member gang accosted her and collected her money at gunpoint. “After they collected the money I raised the alarm that drew the attention of the vigilante. I didn’t even know that they were around. It was at that point I saw them chasing the criminals and apprehended them inside the market as they tried to escape,” Sunday added. Speaking to newsmen shortly after the arrest, the chairman of the State Vigilante Service, Hon. Doubiye Alagba, used the medium to warn other criminals who operate within the Tombia roundabout axis and other parts of the state to choose a new leaf of life or face the full wrath of the law. “I am using this medium to call on members of the public to always be vigilant and security conscious of their environment at all times. It is only by so doing you can quickly notice the presence of criminal elements and avoid being attacked and robbed. “We have handed them over to Operation Dou Akpo, a special unit of the Bayelsa State Command of the Nigeria Police force for further investigations and subsequent prosecution.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.