Two suspected notorious criminals popular for robbing unsuspecting traders and buyers at the Tombia Market in Yenagoa Local Government Council of Bayelsa State have been arrested in the early hours of Tuesday by members of the state’s vigilante service. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the two suspects identified as Kingsley Maxwell (m) 20 years and James Ebi (m) 23 years were arrested shortly after robbing one Gold Ebi, while she was buying food items at the Tombia market. According to the victim, she was inside the market when the two robbers accosted her and snatched her bag. “I immediately raised an alarm. That alerted the men of the Bayelsa state vigilante service who were around the market at the time. I saw them chase and apprehended the thieves,” she added. Excited traders and pedestrians at the market allege that the two suspects have been terrorising the markets on a daily basis, even in broad daylight. One James Oyinkuro confirmed that one of the criminals, robbed his Point Of Sale (POS) shop a few weeks ago, while several others acknowledged that the duo operates around the Tombia roundabout regularly. Speaking to newsmen shortly after the arrest, the Chairman of the vigilante service, Hon. Doubiye Alagba, warned other criminals who operate within the Tombia roundabout axis and other parts of the state to turn a new leaf or face the full wrath of the law. According to him, “operation comb the black spots is still on course and we will continue to bring in new strategies to achieve more results. “Our men are everywhere but you might not notice them. They are always within your vicinity. The Tombia roundabout must be peaceful as other areas within the state capital and we will see to that effect.” At the time of filing this report, it was learnt that the two suspects have handed over to the special police security outfit code-named “Operation Dou Akpo” for further investigation and prosecution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.