At the National Council on Environment in Abuja, the Minister of State for Environment, Chief Sharon Ekeazor has appealed to the National Assembly to speed up action on the passing into law, of the Bill on Climate Change, which she said has already passed second reading on the floor of the House. Ikeazor said this has become necessary so as to have a legal instrument that would address the myriads of Climate Change actions and challenges in the country. Declaring the three-day council open, the minister applauded the   resilience   of   the   critical   stakeholders   during   this trying   period   of   Covid19   pandemic. According to a statement, the minister said, “Your participation   in  this event is a testimony to your unwavering faith in our collective resolve   to   reverse   all   adversities   in   the   sector   and   sustainably manage   our   Environment   in   the   face   of   the   multiple   concerns exacerbated by the novel Covid-19 pandemic”. She said the theme of the meeting,  “Managing   Emerging Environmental challenges: Need for Strategic Approach to Sustainable Development in Covid 19 era and beyond” was strategically chosen to underscore the realities of global health challenges occasioned by the pandemic and the need to tackle the attendant issues to ameliorate the environmental and developmental consequences that may confront our nation if we fail to act now. “This, therefore, underscores the crucial nature of this meeting. As a sector, the need for us to deliberate on the increasing concerns with a view to generating actionable policy framework and measures to guide our actions towards addressing these emerging concerns is uppermost. This is why we are here.” She therefore charged the participants to engage their various experiences, expertise and ingenuity during the three-day event towards finding lasting solutions to the multifaceted environmental challenges confronting our nation that include biodiversity loss, Climate Change and Codi-19 pandemic. Welcoming delegates to the Council meeting, the Permanent Secretary in the Federal Ministry of Environment, Mr Abel Enitan disclosed that the meeting was previously scheduled to hold in kano towards the end of last year, but could not due to the second wave of Covid-19 pandemic. Enitan said that was why the Council had to be postponed and subsequently repackaged to accommodate the virtual option in a bid to ensure strict compliance with Covid-19 public health and safety protocols. “As a result of the inability of this meeting to accommodate the various memoranda from all stakeholders, the ministry has carefully selected 45 memoranda with broad relevance to specific situations and circumstances of members. In a goodwill message on behalf of the Senate Committee on Environment, Senator Micheal Nnachi called for the involvement of more Non-Governmental Organizations in the ministry’s activities as most of its activities are grassroots oriented that require a lot of mobilization and enlightenment. He said the Senate is very much aware of the lean envelope of the Ministry despite its enormous responsibilities, and therefore assured that positive reviews are being made to facilitate and boost its funding windows. The Director General of the Nigerian Meteorological Agency, Prof. Mansur Bako Matazu appealed to the Minister and the council to push for the support of the ratification of the National Framework for the Application of Climate Service ( NFACS), as this will ensure a seamless access to climate service information for the benefit of all. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.