The Presidential Steering Committee (PSC) on the COVID-19 pandemic has decried the low turnout of Nigerians for the ongoing vaccination against the disease. Chairman of the committee and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr. Boss Mustapha, said during a media briefing in Abuja on Monday that only 58.3 per cent of the persons targeted in the current campaign had been vaccinated. He therefore stressed the need to intensify the campaign against vaccine hesitancy. Recall that the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 recently transited to the PSC while still retaining the same composition and strategies. Mustapha said: “The vaccination programme is still progressing but we still have reasons to intensify our campaign against hesitancy. “As at date, records show that we have vaccinated 1,173,869 representing 58.3 per cent of the eligible persons targeted in the current phase have received the first dose of AstraZeneca vaccine. This is low in our estimation.” Mustafa reminded Nigerians that despite the observance of the Islamic holy month, they must not forget that coronavirus is still virulent and raging in some other countries. He also emphasised the need to keep observing the Non-Pharmaceutical Initiatives (NPIs) apart from getting vaccinated. The SGF added: “The significance of the preceding measures is underscored by the facts that several variants of concern are emerging from different jurisdictions and are capable of being imported into Nigeria. “We continue to deploy science and data to address these cases. The PSC will provide steps being taken to stop the importation of these cases into Nigeria in our subsequent briefing.” Meanwhile, the Federal Government is considering issuing  travel advisory on international flights coming from India, Turkey, Brazil and South Africa due to escalating cases of COVID-19 in the countries. The Head of the PSC Secretariat of Dr. Mukhtar Mohammed, stated this at the media briefing, saying that the measure might be necessary given the travels between Nigeria and the countries. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.