Accountant General of the Federation, Mr Ahmed Idris, has declared his readiness to partner with stakeholders that have valuable ideas, which will help consolidate the gains of the ongoing financial management reforms initiatives. He made the declaration in Abuja when he received Partners of Ernst and Young (EY) in his office, led by the Advisory Leader (West Africa) Mr Ben Afudego according to the Director of Information, Press And Public Relations in the OAGF, Mr Henshaw Ogubike. While commending the credentials of EY, Ahmed invited the company to suggest new ways to increase value addition that must, however, be specific. “The OAGF does not want a generalized approach, we want specifics. No more talking and meeting, we want to achieve results” Ahmed Idris said. Idris, whose office anchors the Federal Government’s financial management reforms, noted that the overall success of the initiatives is hinged on the implementation of result-oriented ideas. He called on stakeholders that can add value to the government’s effort to come up. Ahmed Idris further advocated for strong collaboration between some Treasury Departments and EY Consulting to drive government reforms with the application of technology as he advises for specific areas and not the generalized style of approach. “We are open to new ideas, we are open to value addition, we believe if we get critical stakeholders, we can achieve even more successes in the reform initiatives”, he said. He noted that individuals not directly involved in the implementation of the reforms are in a better position to assess the efforts of the Federal Government. He expressed the government’s readiness to accept ideas that would help correct whatever anomaly is observed. Idris maintained that the government will continue to turn its back on individuals whose approach to issues is considered incapable of meeting the government’s objectives. “As much as we want improvements in our system and value addition, we don’t want a generalized approach, we want a specific approach. Come up with specific things you can do to add value, we want results,” he said. In his response speech, Mr Ben Afudego said EY would want to work with the OAGF in Revenue Protection and Improvement, Asset Tracking and Monitoring, Continuous Process Improvement, Data Analytics, Digital and other priority areas of the OAGF. He also reeled out several solutions developed by EY such as Strategic planning and fiscal policy, budget process improvement, revenue administration reforms, treasury modernization and reform, performance monitoring, evaluation and management which are geared towards addressing all aspect of Public Financial Management (PFM). Adding that, the approach follows an integrated model which is structured around the budget cycle to support accurate and timely decision making. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  AGF solicits ideas  ;  AGF solicits ideas  ;  AGF solicits ideas  ;  AGF solicits ideas. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.