A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Mr Abisoye Fagade, has said that all leaders, members and other stakeholders of the party have resolved to work together “like never before to make our party stronger and more cohesive” towards achieving victory in the 2023 general elections and beyond. Fagade, who stated this at a reception organised in his honour by the leadership of the party in Lagelu Local Government Area, expressed delight at what he called the enduring unity and togetherness in the local government chapter of the APC even “during the crisis that engulfed the state chapter of the party and cost it the 2019 gubernatorial election.” He said he had initiated moves to further strengthen the unity of the party in the council area ahead of the next general elections. The APC chieftain said: “It is impossible for a large political family like ours to exist and forge ahead without individual differences. But I make bold to say that all our leaders and key players have now resolved to work together like never before to make our party stronger and more cohesive because it is when this is guaranteed that we would be able to realise our collective goal as progressive patriots in 2023 and beyond. “I have taken up the gauntlet to join other well-meaning citizens in promoting the ideals of progressive politics which we are known for in this part of the country. The project has since commenced as we have done a lot to alleviate the suffering of the people, especially at the grassroots through the ‘Oyo Si Maa Dun’ Foundation. “I am using this avenue to prepare our minds and encourage all of us to remain optimistic about the future of our dear state and that of our fatherland – Nigeria. Lagelu can no longer play a second fiddle in the affairs of the Pacesetter State and all hands must be on deck to drive home our genuine demand as a people who have been deprived for long.” Also speaking at the event, the immediate past Chief Whip of the Oyo State House of Assembly, Honourable Olafisoye Akinmoyede, commended leaders and members of the APC in Lagelu for their steadfastness and commitment to the party in spite of challenges. Akinmoyede said: “We all got a short notice for this occasion and with the calibre of people which formed the crowd that we have here today, it shows that we remain steadfast and committed to the cause of our party, APC. “Hon Abisoye Fagade is the new face of the APC in Lagelu, the entire six local government areas in Ibadan less city and, by extension, Oyo State. He has started well by keying into the tradition of making the welfare of party faithful and the masses a priority as obtainable only in our party. “Therefore, we owe him our support even as we call on all leaders and members of the APC to work harder in mobilising themselves and others to champion the cause of the Broom Party to enable us to return to Agodi Government House in 2023.” Earlier in his welcome address, the caretaker chairman of the APC in Lagelu Local Government Area, Mr Kehinde Adeleke, charged stakeholders to ensure that no stone was left unturned in the quest to return the APC to power in the next general elections. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We will form uncommon bond for victory in 2023 We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  We will form uncommon bond for victory in 2023 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.