MTN Nigeria Communications Plc, has made known it’s intention to approach the local debt market to borrow N200 billion. The company has already secured the approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to launch a N200 billion bond issuance programme. In statement released to the investing community through the Nigerian Exchange Limited, the communications giant stated that this route is being followed because it aligns with its strategy of diversifying its funding sources. It will be recalled that last month, MTN Nigeria sold commercial papers worth N100 billion to investors and the proceeds were used to finance the company’s working capital and general corporate activities. The CP was sold in Series III and IV and followed the initial sale of N100 billion a few months earlier under Series I and II. The company confirmed that those who bought the first two tranches of the papers have been repaid with their interests. “The company confirms that the series I and series II CP issuances of the aggregate value of N100 billion have been redeemed,” a part of a statement issued by MTN Nigeria disclosed. MTN Nigeria further said subscriptions for the series III and series IV of the CP have been completed, adding that it raised a total of N73.5 billion from the exercise, which opened on Thursday, March 11, 2021, and closed on Friday, March 19, 2021. N19.8 billion was raised from the series III and it cleared at 6.77 per cent, while N53.7 billion was raised from the series IV, clearing at 7.56 per cent. MTN Nigeria said its desire to explore the different sources of raising funds inspired the option of issuing the N200 billion worth of corporate bonds to investors. It stated that it was in the process of selling the first tranche of the debt instrument, which will carry a 7-year maturity, with the rate to be determined by the “prevailing market conditions.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.