The Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) has vowed to continue with its ongoing industrial action except its demands are met and agreed upon with a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed by all the governors and speakers of the 36 states of the federation. Legislative activities in states assembly have been paralysed since the workers downed tools on March 23. In its position paper addressed to the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, the union listed five conditions, saying it would only call off the strike when the implementation of those conditions begin. The position paper signed by the PASAN acting National Secretary, Comrade Ikechukwu Alaribe, listed the conditions to, among others, include the full implementation of the financial autonomy for the state legislature and state judiciary. Other conditions include the full compliance with Presidential Executive Order No. 10, 2020 by the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on the implementation of financial autonomy for the State Legislature and State Judiciary; State Assembly Service Commission must be established in each state of the federation. According to him, the decision to continue with the strike was reached after the enlarged National Executive Council (NEC) meeting of the union. The NEC of the union also demanded that all the 36 states must have the Funds Management Committee Bill signed into law by the state governors; that deductions should be made directly from the source to the states house of assembly accounts. He said: “PASAN as a union is in agreement with the recommendations of the Presidential Committee on the Implementation of Financial Autonomy for the State Legislature and State Judiciary.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.