The House of Representatives has urged the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) to shelve the proposed nationwide industrial action over the non-implementation of financial autonomy, just as it unveiled plans to interface with Federal Government. Chairman, House Committee on Judiciary, Hon. Onofiok Luke gave the charge via a statement made available to Nigerian Tribune on Monday evening. “The attention of the Federal Judiciary Committee, House of Representatives, Nigeria, has been drawn to the planned nationwide strike by the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) on the failure of governments to implement the financial autonomy of Judiciary. “While we understand and share the concerns of the Union on financial autonomy, we however appeal to them to momentarily shelve the planned strike and give the Committee time to engage governments towards resolving the issue. “It is of note that the House of Representatives under the speakership of Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila takes the concerns involving the Judiciary seriously and the House through its Committee has constantly canvassed for financial autonomy, better welfare and conditions of service for both judicial officers and judiciary staff. “This is because the Committee understands that financial independence is synonymous with an independent judiciary that can execute justice and adjudicate over the interests of citizens and residents without fear or favour “The Committee notes that while the cause of the Union is desirable, it may at the moment expose litigants to untold hardship and limit their access to justice. “It is in this vein that the Committee calls on the Union to stand down on its proposed strike action while we engage with the governments both at the Federal and State levels towards resolving the outstanding issues,” he urged.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.