Islamic scholar, Sheikh Ahmad Gumi, on Sunday morning met with former president, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This was confirmed by Obasanjo’s media aide, Kehinde Akinyemi, to newsmen. Gumi was said to be accompanied to the meeting by some religious leaders in the country. The Islamic scholar, according to Akinyemi, arrived the residence of the former president inside the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library. He was reported to have arrived at about 11.00 a.m. and and immediately went into a closed-door meeting with Obasanjo. Speaking on the meeting: Akinyemi said: “Yes, it is true. He (Gumi) is currently meeting with Baba alongside other religious leaders.” However details of the meeting were not disclosed to reporters. It will be recalled that Gumi recently had meetings with groups of bandits in Zamfara and Niger states in order to negotiate the release of students under the seige of the bandits. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…JUST IN: Obasanjo, Sheikh Gumi hold talks in Abeokuta JUST IN: Obasanjo, Sheikh Gumi hold talks in Abeokuta SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.