Contraband goods worth N1.2bn has been impounded by the Federal Operations Unit Zone ‘C’ of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS). Comptroller of the Zone, Yusuf Lawal, who disclosed this in Owerri, on Thursday, while briefing newsmen on the achievements of the Unit from January to March 2021, listed the seized items to include 2,976 bags of 5kg each of foreign parboiled rice and 1,024 cartons of Colcaps medicament that have no certification from the National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and Control. Others are 290 cartons of foreign Eva soap, 294 cartons of foreign tomatoes paste, 130 jumbo bales of used clothing, 5,200 live ammunition cartridges and 6 exotic vehicles without End User certificate. He said that the Unit recovered the sum of N7,557,731 from demand notices raised within the months under review. Lawal thanked the Comptroller General, Col Hameed Ali (Rtd), for providing logistics support for activities of the unit while appreciating the contributions of his officers to the anti-smuggling drive of the NCS. He also called on Nigerians to support the service in the fight against smuggling through credible and timely intelligence and pledged improved services in the second quarter of the year. He said: “As we hope to improve in the second quarter, I also advise smugglers to desist from the dastardly act.” According to him smugglers can take advantage of social intervention programmes of the Federal Government especially in the area of agriculture and improve their lives because the long arm of the law will not spare them when they are eventually caught. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week…Customs impound contraband goods worth N1.2bn in Imo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.