Famous Fuji singer, Wasiu Alabi, popular as Pasuma, may have performed at concerts and thrilled many lovers of his music without being emotionally bothered with personalities involved, but on Thursday, April 8, during the Nikkah ceremony of his second daughter, Barakat, the singer betrayed his emotions as he gave her hand out in marriage. The quick intervention of friends who were with Pasuma on the dance floor could not stop him from shedding what he would later described as tears of joy when as he was serenaded by Wasiu Ayinde, otherwise known as K1. While there had bad blood between K1 and Pasuma for some years, many people were surprised at Pasuma’s choice of k1 for his daughter’s wedding ceremony but information gathered by R suggested that the two Fuji musicians decided to put the past behind them as they now embrace each other and smile. At the Nikkah that attracted big names from different walks of life, Pasuma, clad in white and red traditional attire held his daughter as they walked into the venue amid the noise of congratulations from the crowd. The Fuji star would later change into a brown agabada for the reception ceremony with K1 on the band stand. Pasuma, who wept as he stepped into the venue to dance was quickly surrounded by his friends who tried to console him but the singer was moved by K1’s music as and could not control his tears. Speaking with R about the joy of seeing his second daughter get married, Pasuma said he was over the moon to witness the big day despite the challenges he has faced in life, adding that “People see the glory today but they don’t know the struggle but I am grateful to God for this privilege and I wish my daughter and husband a beautiful union filled with love and blessings”, he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.