THE Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo said the Federal Government has flagged off Solar Home System programme to provide five million new solar connection in the country. The Vice President made that disclosure at Jangefe village, on Roni local government area of Jigawa State in his speech while launching the development of 100,000 Solar Home System, said the federal government embarked on Solar Home System in order to reduce total dependence on the national grid and creating more job opportunities to the teeming Nigerians. Vice president Osinbajo discussed that “the project is under the Solar Power Naija Programme and expected to provides 250, 000 jobs to Nigerians.” Chief Yemi Osinbajo said, “FG came up with Solar Power Naija initiative as part of Nigeria Economic Sustainability Plan (NESP) aim at roll out 5 million new solar connection in off-grid communities across the country.” According to him “this programme would expand energy access to 25 million individuals in five million new connections to the provision of Solar Home System.” He explained that the programme is a private sector-led electricity access acceleration scheme to be facilitated by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and implemented by the Rural Electrification Agency (REA). The Vice President maintained that the Solar Home System is “cheaper and environmentally friendly and decentralized power from the national grid.” Osinbajo discussed that “the project will gulp the sum of N140 billion and it will be subsided for 200 million dollars.” In his remark, the Jigawa State governor, Alhaji Muhammadu Badaru Abubakar commended the federal government for the gesture and all the projects and programmes that the state benefited. He said over 160, 000 Jigawa indigents are presently in the federal government conditional cash transfer, adding that the primary schools’ enrollment increase from 600,000 to over 1, 000,000 as a result of the federal government primary schools feeding programme.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state….Osinbajo flags off N140bn  Osinbajo flags off N140bn Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Osinbajo flags off N140bn  Osinbajo flags off N140bn SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.