Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawallen has warned armed bandits in the state to repent or change base as he draws a new roadmap in his approach to handling the issue of security challenges facing the state. The governor issued the warning on Saturday when the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress Governors’ Forum and Kebbi state Atiku Bagudu paid a sympathy and condolence visit to the state. In a statement issued by the Director-General Media and Communication, Yusuf Idris Gusau quoted the governor as saying that the recent suspension of a district head in Shinkafi Emirate for conniving with bandits was just the tip of the iceberg. He accused the governor, in the next four days, he will be overwhelmed by all those making lives unbearable to innocent citizens in the state. Matawalle further said he has discussed extensively with President Muhammadu Buhari and the nation’s service chiefs on the new approach which is most likely going to deal seriously with deceptive and unrepentant bandits. He thanked security agencies for their support and cooperation in the fight against armed banditry and also thanked members of the public for sharing vital information to address suspicious movements. He thanked the two visiting governors, Atiku Bagudo of Kebbi who is the Chairman APC Governors’ Forum, and governor Badaru Abubakar of Jigawa for the visit and their concern. Earlier while delivering his condolence message, the Chairman of the Progressives Governors Forum and Kebbi State Governor, Senator Abubakar Atiku Bagudu said they were in the state to extend their heartfelt condolence to the government and good people of Zamfara State over the recent bandits’ attacks that resulted in the loss of innocent souls Senator Bagudu said they were together with governor Matawalle in Abuja holding a meeting on security when the sad incident happened which forced the governor to leave for Zamfara to ensure t the situation was brought under control. As a result, we followed him to Gusau and consoled him as a good brother with who we shared the same pains. He prayed that the attack will be the last in the state and prayed for the souls of the departed. The visit was attended by Speaker Zamfara State House Assembly, Hon Nasiru Maazu Magarya, Honorary Advisor to the Governor Ambassador Bashir Yuguda Gusau, Secretary to the Zamfara State Government, Alhaji Bala Bello Maru, Head of Service, Alhaji Kabiru Balarabe, Chief of Staff Government House, Col Bala Mande rtd, PDP State Chairman, Alhaji Tukur Umar Danfulani Maikatako, Commissioners, Special Advisers, Permanent Secretaries, and Directors General, among others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Matawalle to change tactics  Matawalle to change tactics Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Matawalle to change tactics  Matawalle to change tactics SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.