THE Nigerian Institute of Town Planners (NITP), Lagos chapter has sworn in Mr Ayo Adejumo, as the 17th chairman of the professional body. Also sworn in were other members of executives who include the Vice chairman, Dr Kazeem Olanrewaju Bakinson; General Secretary, Roy-Layinde Oladimeji; Assistant General Secretary, Olufemi Alani Adejumo; Treasurer, Olusegun Kalejaye; Financial Secretary, Raphael Akintunde; Public Relations Officers, Wale Adebayo; Assistant PRO, Lateef Ashimiyu; Auditor, Hafsat Bello; Ex-officio 1, 11 and 111, Bisi Adedire, Tolu Tajelewi and Yemitan Olawale, respectfully. Speaking at the elaborate ceremony, Adejumo said the new executive would start work immediately so that it could deliver on its campaign promises. He also listed the five-point agenda that the executive want to pursue, which comprised the construction of the main NTIP secretariat building, development of NITP Recreation Park and creation of special welfare programme for all categories of members. Others are to enhance mentorship and growth of young planners, and make the chapter and planning profession more visible. He commended all the contestants at the elections for showing interest to serve and maturity displayed during the campaign. The new chairman invited all stakeholders to join the present leadership in running NITP, saying he would rely on their wisdom, ideas and suggestions to take the chapter to greater heights. Adejumo said “I promise you on behalf of the executive to deliver on our mandate and ensure that our chapter reaches for much greater heights.” In his speech at the event, President of NITP, Mr Olutoyin Ayinde, charged the new executives to set new standards of excellence to ensure a livable environment for citizens. Ayinde, a former Commissioner for Physical Planning and Urban Development in Lagos State, called for responsible and responsive leadership that would challenge corrupt practices to ensure sanity in the profession. According to him, the new chairman must brace-up for the task ahead, stressing that Lagos chapter of NITP has come a long way and “is at the centre in the affairs of the institute.” He noted that this significant role has placed the chapter as a pacesetter in the affairs of the institute as well as in the practice of the profession. The new leadership is at the least expected to maintain this standard, but it truly has to do more than that because maintaining the status quo is synonymous with making no impact,” Ayinde said According to the NITP boss, the demands of the present time suggest that a focused and energetic team was needed to make the chapter better than it used to be. He charged town planners to have a grip of their profession, demonstrate competence and show mastery of their calling to create livable communities. Ayinde lauded the immediate past chairman of NITP, Lagos chapter, Mr Adebisi  Adedire and his team, saying that their administration was trailblasing in conducting a virtual election in the history of the institute. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.