THE Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has urged the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu to redeploy the Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mrs Ngozi Onadeko, saying the state is too volatile for such a  “gentle cop” as he accused her of playing politics with sensitive security issues. Adams made the call on Sunday in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Mr Kehinde Aderemi, saying that the increasing rate of crimes perpetrated daily in the state could only be curbed by someone who understands the terrain and the technicalities of security-related issues. The Yoruba generalissimo, Iba Gani Adams made the call against the backdrop of recent concerns raised by the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba  Lamidi Adeyemi III, on the spate of insecurity in the state, where the monarch lamented that over 70 per cent of farmers in Oke Ogun, Ibarapa and its environs could no longer go to their farms due to fear of being kidnapped and killed by bandits and criminal Fulani herdsmen. “Last week, the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III had expressed concern at the spate of insecurity in the state.  Kabiyesi lamented that over 70 per cent of farmers in Oke Ogun, Ibarapa and its environs could no longer go to their farms because of the fear of being kidnapped and killed by bandits and criminal Fulani herdsmen. “From what Kabiyesi  had said, it is no doubt that there is impending danger lurking around the state.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Convert Unoccupied Public Land To Ranches, Tinubu Advises Governors  National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Senator Bola Tinubu, on Saturday, broke his silence on the farmer-herder conflict and the growing violence in the country, calling for a government takeover of “unoccupied public land” and turning same into ranches for cattle… Reps To Army Chief: Come Explain How Military Weapons Got To Bandits The House of Representatives on Friday said the Chief of Army Staff, Major General Ibrahim Attahiru should appear before it to explain how weapons bought for the Nigerian Army ended up in the hands of bandits. The House also on  Friday expressed grave concern over allegations made by the National Security Adviser… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.