The African Union (AU) has set out plans to construct industrial parks that will improve the manufacturing of agricultural products as well as the supply chain The AU Commission (AUC) made this known during a forum it organized with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Fund (FAO) recently where it launched the framework to boost intra-African trade in agricultural products and services. AU noted that Africa’s demand for food exceeds the domestic supply by 20 percent and urged the continent to take advantage of the fast-growing intra-African market opportunities It noted that the agriculture sector in Africa needs a structural transformation that implies a shift from production systems focused on the subsistence market into others that guarantee benefits for the most vulnerable segments of the population and the establishment of a linkage between farmers and the supply chains of regional and global value. The AU further stated that it was also supporting the implementation of the African Common Agricultural Parks (CAAPs), the cross-border initiative focused on agro-processing through small-scale factories. On his part, the AU Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Josefa Sacko, during a virtual webinar on improving the agricultural trade in Africa, said that the AUC was aggressively facilitating supply and improvement in basic infrastructure to support export processing in Africa. According to her, the average import account in the African continent was over $80 billion, growing about 6 percent every year. “We are motivated by the knowledge that the manufacturing is responsible for a lower share of Africa’s exports and a key driver of intra-African trade,” she added. Sacko also pointed that agriculture was the dominant sector of the African economy, in terms of its contribution to GDP growth, employment and trade, with African Heads of State pledging to promote intra-African trade in agricultural products and services, markets and local, regional and international trade opportunities She, however, said that market access remained a key challenge, for both intra- and extra-African trade with the African Union Commission (AUC) providing support on all fronts. The AUC, she noted, has given support in terms of capacity building of related bodies and chambers of the domestic private sector to appropriately respond to the opportunities offered in the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) agreements. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.