FACEBOOK has said it has launched a new social media drive that allows people to add frames and graphics to indicate they had taken the COVID-19 vaccine or plan to do so. Adaora Ikenze, Facebook Head of Public Policy for Anglophone West Africa said in a statement over the weekend that the multinational media platform was working in partnership with the National Primary Health Care Development Agency on the initiative. She said Facebook would use its scale and speed to reach people quickly, help them get credible information, get vaccinated and come back together safely. According to her, the new range of Facebook frames and Instagram stickers would allow people to share their support for getting vaccinated with their family and friends, as the access to COVID vaccines expands across Nigeria. “The frames and stickers include banners that say ‘Let’s Get Vaccinated’ or ‘I Got My COVID-19 Vaccine’. ”The banner will appear overlaid on the edge of their profile picture next to a blue bubble that reads ‘We Can Do This’, ” she said. According to her, Facebook is launching the profile frames because research shows how social norms could have a major impact on people’s attitude and behaviour when it comes to their health. “We are promoting these unique profile frames and GIFs to all Nigerian Facebook and Instagram users to raise vital vaccine confidence,” Ikenze said. She said that the new frames and stickers allow people to share their support for COVID-19 vaccines, and see that others they respect and care about were doing the same. Similarly, Dr  Faisal Shuaib, Executive Director of the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), expressed excitement at the partnership with Facebook. “It is exhilarating to know that partnerships like the one we secured with Facebook demonstrate the resilience of the human spirit to endure, innovate and re-emerge. “It also secures the promise of hope that COVID-19 vaccination offers to everyone, “Shuaib said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.