Governors elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have kicked off their meeting in Makurdi, the Benue state capital. The meeting, which is taking place at the Banquet Hall of the Benue State Government House, is being presided over by the Chairman of the PDP Governors Forum and governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal. The meeting started at about 1 pm and has on its agenda a review of the state of the nation. They will also assess the condition of the main opposition party with a view to evolving strategies to tackle the challenges ahead. It is the first physical meeting of the forum since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. According to a statement issued by the Director-General of the Forum, Hon. Cyril Maduabum, “It will also review the state of the party, PDP and fine-tune strategies on how to strengthen it to serve as a vanguard in the patriotic task of rescuing the nation from the rudderless APC administration that has plunged the country into the current avoidable crises of governance.” All the PDP governors except those of Zamfara, Abia and Cross River states as well as the National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, are attending the meeting. A communique is expected to be issued at the end of the meeting. More to come… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…PDP governors’ meeting  PDP governors’ meeting Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…PDP governors’ meeting  PDP governors’ meeting SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.