The 21-year old union between a woman, Motunrayo Ajibade, and her husband, Adebowale Ajibade, has been dissolved by Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Motunrayo, who approached the court, pleaded for the dissolution of their marriage on the accounts of irresponsibility, neglect and abandonment by  her husband. The plaintiff added that the defendant did not trust her and was therefore always suspecting her. Motunrayo further prayed for the custody of their only child and entreated the court to make her husband responsible for his upkeep. Adebowale admitted to claim. The defendant explained that the plaintiff was wayward and that he had proofs to back his allegations. According to Adebowale, Motunrayo misplaced the trust he had in her when she started sleeping with other men. The defendant gave three instances of his wife’s escapades. Adebowale pleaded with the court to grant him custody of their only child for proper care. “My lord, I have never enjoyed a day in our marriage since my husband and I got married. My experience in marriage is contrary to what I bargained for. “Adebowale married me as a virgin and he is the only man I have ever slept with, but he kept suspecting me and accusing me of infidelity. “I was hale and hearty throughout the time we courted, but I started experiencing ill health immediately we got married. “My lord, after Adebowale deflowered me on our wedding night, he removed the bed sheet with the blood stain and used it for diabolic purpose. “I started falling sick after this and became a common face in the hospital. I went through trauma as a result of the pain and discomfort I was experiencing due to the sickness. In addition to this, I also spent a fortune receiving medical attention. “My husband was indifferent to my plight. He gave me no attention and showed me no love. The more my health was deteriorating, the more aloof he became. “His attitude towards me hampered my health the more. As a result of this, I had miscarriages 20 times. “We eventually had a child, but he failed in his responsibility towards me and our child. “My husband ensured I never had peace of mind. He made life difficult for me and gave me hell. “Adebowale neglected me and our child and later abandoned us. “I moved out of his house when I could no longer bear with the way he was maltreating me and our only child. “I have been the one, feeding, clothing and training our child in school since I moved out of his house seven years ago. He has never bothered to know what has been happening to our child. “Rather than being awake to his responsibility, all he does is to suspect and accuse me of infidelity. “My lord, I don’t want anything to do with my husband again. I’m no longer interested in our marriage. “I, therefore, beg this court to separate us and grant me custody of our child, but make my husband responsible for his welfare,” the plaintiff pleaded. “My lord, I agree that Motunrayo and I go our different ways,” Adebowale said. “No man in my shoe will deal graciously with a woman like my wife. Motunrayo is morally debased. She’s nothing but a whore. “She had many lovers, three of whom I know. “My lord, the first is my friend’s brother in-law. “Motunrayo was always receiving calls from him twice in a day. He would call her at 5:00 p.m and 11:00 p.m. She would move away from where I was to receive these calls and spend lengthy time on the calls. “I suspected she was having an affair and went through her phone. I saw a text message this man sent to her which read, “I miss you a lot. Can you see me in my office?” “I sought for an explanation on the message, but she flared up and accused me of monitoring her activities. “My lord, Motunrayo has no conscience. She also had an affair with her childhood friend’s husband. “I got to know about this shameful act the day I spoke with her on phone. While talking, I sensed she was hasting to end our conversation. After we rounded off our conversation, she forgot to end our call on her phone and I heard the voice of this man at the background. They were both discussing romance. “Motunrayo also dated a lawyer based in Lagos. She was always making up excuses for travelling. The cat was let out of the bag when things fell apart between both of them. “I became distant because I knew she would kill me as a result her loose lifestyle. She later moved out of my house and took our child along with her. “My lord, I don’t love Motunrayo any more. But I pray this honourable court to grant me custody of our child,” the defendant stated. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, observed that their union had broken down irretrievably. Ruling, he dissolved their marriage and granted the defendant custody of their child.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.