The African region has launched the year 2021 International Year for the Elimination of Child Labour and mobilisation of stakeholders to support the African Union (AU) 10 years Action Plan on Child Labour, Forced Labour, Human Trafficking and Modern Slavery. According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), in 2016, a fifth of African children, about 72 million were in child labour, while nearly half of them were in hazardous work. The continent had both the largest number of child labourers and the highest proportion of children in child labour among the major world regions, the ILO said. The International Year for the Elimination of Child Labour, 2021, declared by the UN General Assembly, is a historic opportunity to reaffirm commitments, take action and inspire broad partnerships to preserve the progress made on child labour and related issues such as social justice, inclusion and the reduction of inequalities. In February 2020, African Heads of States adopted the 10 year Action Plan to Eradicate Child Labour, Forced Labour, Human Trafficking and Modern Slavery between year 2020 and 2030. The plan provides an immediate framework for mobilizing African Union institutions, member states, Regional Economic Commissions (RECs) and other partners on the continent to scale up efforts and accelerate progress towards the achievement of the AU Agenda 2063 and target 8.7 of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The ILO, however stated that in 2021, while fighting child labour, forced labour, human trafficking and modern slavery, Africa and the global community will need to address the challenges posed by COVID-19. In this regards, the African Union in collaboration with the International Labour launched the International Year 2021 in Africa and engage stakeholders to accelerate the implementation of the African Union 10 years Action Plan on Eradication of Child Labour, Forced Labour, Human Trafficking and Modern Slavery in Africa by 2030.  OULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…BREAKING: Buhari appoints DIG Alkali Baba as acting IGP Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…BREAKING: Buhari appoints DIG Alkali Baba as acting IGP SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.