Three construction workers rehabilitating Ikaram to Akunnu Akoko road, have been abducted by gunmen suspected to be kidnappers on Akunnu in Akoko North-East Local Government Area of Ondo State. The three men were rounded up by a gang of six men who whisked them into the forest around 6 pm, on Tuesday, while closing for the day’s work. The workers were said to be engaged by a construction company engaged by the state government for the construction of the 16.2km Akunnu/ Ikaram/ Oke-Agbe road which had been abandoned for over 18 years. It was, however, gathered that the local hunters, vigilante and police from the area swung into action, combing the forest in the area to secure the release of the abducted workers. No ransom has been demanded by the kidnappers, as they have not made contact with the management of the construction company or their families. The Divisional Police Officer in charge of Okeagbe, Ade Akinwande was not available to give details of the incident He was said to have led security operatives in the area to comb the forest in an effort to secure the release of the victims. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Mr Tee Leo Ikoro, confirmed the abduction of the three men and said the tactical team had been drafted to the area to secure the release of the three victims. Ikoro said “The Commissioner of Police, Bolaji Salami, has ordered a full-scale investigation into the incident and ordered the deployment of a tactical team to the area so that they would not come back to repeat the same incident. “We want to assure the people of the area that the Police is on top of the situation. The people should go back to their normal businesses. Our men have taken over the area and with no time, the hoodlums would be arrested and prosecuted.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Three construction workers kidnapped at gunpoint in Ondo Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Three construction workers kidnapped at gunpoint in Ondo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.