Minister of Water Resources, Suleiman Adamu has said Nigeria is confronted with expanding population growth and uneven distribution of rainfall across the country which has invariably overstretched the use of groundwater. He also identified the impact of climate change and the increasing demand for water resources among the prevailing challenges of acute water shortage in the country. The minister highlighted the challenges on Thursday while addressing stakeholders in the water industry on the review of the National Water Resources Master Plan held in Kano. Adamu the urgent need for coordinated management of water resources by all tiers of government to check the concern. Speaking on his behalf, the director of Water Resources and Technical Planning in the ministry, Mrs Alice Ojokwu, reassured of Federal Government’s determination to activate the roadmap to stimulate national integration on water development. The minister who disclosed the revitalisation of the National Water Resources Master Plan regretted the lack of political will of successive government to implement the master plan since it was developed in 1995. He, however, noted that the new action plan has the full participation of states in irrigation. He, therefore, urged inclusive investment in irrigation infrastructure. Adamu noted that the stakeholders meeting which drew participants from the Northwestern states of Kano, Jigawa and Katsina, was aimed at creating awareness among the relevant agencies and state ministries on the content of the reviewed National Water Resources Master plan. He said the Federal Government was committed to the implementation of the plan and resolved to end open defecations through the recent signing of Executive Order 009. He said, “The National Water Resources Master Plan was first developed by by the ministry in collaboration with Japan International Cooperation Agency JICA in 1995. “The plan was first integrated development plan aimed at optimisation of the nation’s water resources as well as financial and economic investment options in water resources development in order to achieve accelerated growth, integrated and coordinated water development, agricultural production and food security.” Speaking on the occasion, the state governor Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, said that the implementation of the National Water Resources Master plan is a joint responsibility between federal, state, local government and private sector. The governor was represented by the permanent secretary, Ministry of Water Resources, Alhaji Hussaini Umar Ganduje.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.