Nine suspected armed robbers who were said to be involved in various robbery incidents in parts of Niger State have been arrested in different locations by the state Police Command in Minna on Wednesday. Parading the suspects, the Command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Wasiu Abiodun said that during an investigation, about six exotic vehicles were recovered from the suspected armed robbers. Abiodun explained that the suspects which included one Abdul Mohammad, Amos Oyerinde, Yahaya Jibrin and Abubakar Sadiq allegedly confessed to have participated in the recent robberies around Minna, the state capital.  He stated further that, Mohammed Abdullahi Mohammad, Chibuzor Bernard, Mohammad Usman and Abdulrahman Ali were the stolen goods receivers and transporters of the vehicles, while William Godwin was said to have been arrested with a revolver pistol that was allegedly given to him by two of the suspects. He said on the receipt of the credible intelligence, that the Command swung into action after receiving complaints of robbery attacks in the Farm Centre areas of Minna, Niteco road Tunga and Bida where six vehicles were carted away adding that they were subsequently arrested in the FCT, Abuja, Bida, Minna, and Sokoto State respectively. In another development, the command also paraded a 40-year-old Festus Okeke of Ishau village via Kafin Koro in Paikoro local government of Niger State for allegedly luring four under aged girls in to his shop and had canal knowledge with two of them. The PPRO noted that the suspect was said to have fiddled with the private parts of other two girls with his fingers adding that the victims were between the ages of 10 years to 13 years while the suspect allegedly lured the victims with the sum of N200 and loaves of bread to engage in the illegal act. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Police parade 9 suspected Police parade 9 suspected Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Police parade 9 suspected SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.