The Special Adviser to Osun State Governor on Public Health, Dr Siji Olamiju on Friday warned residents of the state against consuming drinks they are not being familiarised with to avoid poisonous fruit juice consumption in the state. The governor aide who dropped the warning while speaking in Osogbo reminded the people of the state that, poisonous fruit juice has been confirmed to be responsible for the death of at least ten persons while 400 others are on a sickbed in Kano State. He however remarked that this might have also been brought to the state and advised residents of the state to always be vigilant and do away with poisonous drinks that could ruin their lives. According to him, “with a large population of northerners resident in the state, there was a high possibility that the poisonous drink might be brought to the state but, the state officials in conjunction with NAFDAC staff in the state would inspect sale outlets to ensure that the said drink was not allowed in the state.” He said, “NAFDAC has spoken about the incident and it has made us understand that the ‘unidentified’ product was illegally smuggled into the country and by analysis and investigation, it is a substandard product. “I want to advise all Nigerians, especially the residents of Osun, that they should be wary of new products. During this fasting period, people will be lured into taking different types of juice to break their fast. They should take only those products they are familiar with. “Another thing is that we have a very high population of northerners here, so there is a possibility of smuggling such drink into the state,” he submitted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Oyetola’s aide warns Osun  Oyetola’s aide warns Osun Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Oyetola’s aide warns Osun  Oyetola’s aide warns Osun SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.