Kano State Commissioner of Health, Dr Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa, has confirmed that ten persons have lost their lives after consuming expired flavour drinks in the state. He also disclosed that the number of persons hospitalized has risen to over 400 people while 50 others were treated of kidney-related complications. Dr. Tsanyawa disclosed this in a special announcement, saying “some days back, the ministry announced an outbreak as a result of the consumption of unregistered or fake drinks.” He added that: “Currently, the ministry has over 400 persons on admission, out of which 50 were undergoing treatment of kidney-related complications and over 10 have lost their lives. “With the intense heat experienced and month of Ramadan in progress, there is the possibility of more persons (unsuspecting) consuming such drinks,” appealing to the public to be vigilant of such drinks. It will be recalled that the commissioner had earlier confirmed three persons dead, 284 others hospitalized while assorted drinks worth over millions of naira were confiscated. Thirteen persons of interest were also arrested. It will also be recalled that the Director-General of the National Agency for Food, Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye while presenting preliminary results of the clinical test on the substances to Governor Abdullahi Ganduje, identified the poisonous substances as the cause of the outbreak, noting that there were five substances involved in the development out of which two were unregistered and were put on hold pending examinations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.