A digital payment solution provider, PurplePay has launched its mobile pay solution application for the world, with Nigeria as the pioneer leading country.  This digital payment platform promises to offer and shape consumers’ experience and enhance seamless transactions. It is aimed at changing the way businesses, religious centres and NGOs send and receive funds. Speaking at the launch of the application in Lagos, the MD/CEO of PurplePay, Atuche Patrick said that the Nigerian market now has something to look forward to as this application applies to everyone. According to him, this move is to aid the Central Bank of Nigeria’s cashless police adoption more than ever. He added that with PurplePay’s cross-border payments and multi-currency wallet (local and US dollar), it would help the users connect with their loved ones and by doing so, bring them closer to each other. According to him, at verious PurplePay vendor outlets, its users can pay for goods and services from their purplePay app by scanning vendor QR codes at checkout points and pay with single click. Speaking further on other unique features, Patrick explained that the digital platform provides virtual accounts for its Nigerian users to send and receive money from any bank in Nigeria with their PurplePay account number. He noted that the digital platform will serve people from different social strata on the society, irrespective of the nature of their businesses once cash transfers are involved. “From the market women selling foodstuffs to inter and intra transport operators, restaurant owners, religious centres, corporate and small businesses there is full access to PurplePay mobile payment platform. “Everyone can download the mobile application from their Apple (iOS) Android App Stores. Our journey for seamless modern, cashless society globally is a positive plan that has PurplePay set to lead the way for its actualization,” Atuche stated. He further said that it is the pocket-friendly, convenient and safest way to send and receive money, pay bills and top-up airtime with ease anytime and from anywhere. Its users get to enjoy physical dollar cards delivered to them that can be used for withdrawals, online payments, online subscriptions and so much more. PurplePay which is available on Android and iOS app stores has a QR code scanner that allows merchants to receive payments as well as a bulk payment feature allows users to make huge payments at once. The peer-to-peer transfers’ feature allows users to send and receive money from other PurplePay users just with their usernames/phone numbers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.