The Management of Ethiopian Airlines has assured its Nigerian passengers of its plans to return to Enugu and Kano Airports once the new terminals are officially declared open for operations. Ethiopian Airlines has further declared that it was eager to provide Nigerian passengers with its traditional World Class Service in the most technically advanced Aircraft in the World. The airline had on April 6th operated a Special Flight to Malam Aminu Kano International Airport as part of the gradual process of reopening the Airport. While Ethiopian Airlines is the only International Airline that Operates to Akanu Ibiam International Airport Enugu since it was gazetted as an International Airport, it is also one of the  Airlines that operate into MAKIA in Kano. Ethiopian has been Operating into Nigeria since 1960 and have stayed with Nigeria during good and difficult times. When the Abuja Airport was closed for repairs two years ago, ET was the only International Airline that flew to the alternative Airport in Kaduna. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.