In its determination to achieve Universal Health Coverage (UHC) within a set timeline through its various service platforms, the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) has launched its flagship initiative, the Groups, Individuals and Family Social Health Insurance Programme (GIFSHIP) in Auchi, Edo State. This was disclosed in a statement issued on Friday signed by the Head of Media and Public Relation, Emmanuel Ononokpono. The programme which was launched nationally in Abuja by the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire in November last year, has become the Scheme’s main vehicle of enrollment especially in the non-formal sector of the economy. The statement further quoted the Executive Secretary of the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) Prof Mohammed Nasir Sambo in the address at the occasion stated that “GIFSHIP was redesigned to extend healthcare coverage to organisations, political office holders, donor agencies, multinational corporations, philanthropists and Nigerians in diaspora in the overall efforts towards ensuring that every Nigerian has access to quality and affordable healthcare.” Sambo, who was represented by the General Manager, Formal Sector Department of the Scheme, Dr Jonathan Eke, stated that the mandate of the Scheme was to ensure financial access to quality health services for all Nigerians through social health insurance. Sambo stressed that making sure that every Nigerian has access to quality healthcare was consistent with President Muhammadu Buhari administration’s health sector next level agenda and that it was in alignment with the sustainable development goals (SDGs) 3 and target 8. Giving assurance that GIFSHIP is available everywhere in the country, Sambo stated that Auchi was the first location outside Abuja where the launching of the programme would take place, noting that the event was made possible through the support of prominent citizens of the town. Highlighting the roles played by prominent personalities of Auchi which included His Royal Highness, the Otaru of Auchi, Alhaji Aliru Momoh who was represented by Chief HM Momoh, in bringing GIFSHIP to their doorstep, Sambo described Dr Mustapha Lecky as “father of NHIS in Nigeria,” adding that “this event is only possible through the auspices of the able son and the Galadima of Auchi.” Also speaking at the occasion, former Executive Secretary of NHIS, Dr Mustapha Lecky, noted that GIFSHIP would provide a pathway to accelerated achievement of UHC, adding that the platform is the driving force that will upscale enrollment. He said, “GIFSHIP would provide a pathway to accelerated achievement of Universal Health Coverage in Nigeria as it represented a bold, decisive strategy that is sensible for everyone, to get health insurance cover that leaves no one behind” He called on cultural, economic and religious organisations in the area to enrol on the programme as a means of receiving access to quality and affordable healthcare. The statement further revealed that cheque was presented by the officials of NHIS as payment of premium for the coverage of thirty persons who hail from the area. Meanwhile, the House Member representing Dange/Shuni/Bodinga/Tureta Federal Constituency of Sokoto State, Hon. Dr Shehu Kakale Shuni has pledged to enrol 1,000 members of his constituency under GIFSHIP. He made this commitment at his residence in Sokoto when the NHIS State Coordinator led officials of the Scheme to pay him a visit. Hon. Shuni said that the beneficiaries would be selected amongst vulnerable persons particularly almajiris and physically challenged persons, adding that a committee that would liaise with NHIS to work out the details has been constituted. NHIS began enrollment under GIFSHIP immediately after its official launching by the Honourable Minister of Health last November. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital…  NHIS launches social insurance  ;  NHIS launches social insurance  ;  NHIS launches social insurance. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.