Miffed by the deteriorating insecurity in Borno and the rest of the Northeast, Governor Babagana Zulum, on Monday, stormed the presidential villa, Abuja to, according to him, tell President Muhammadu Buhari the truth. Speaking to correspondents after the meeting, he bemoaned the latest terrorist attacks, which led to the death of many soldiers in the state. Zulum declared that it was his responsibility to come and tell the president the truth about the situation in the region. While noting that the situation was pathetic, Zulum emphasised the need for support to help the area get rid of insurgents. He regretted that hundreds of people have fled their homes rendering many towns deserted in the region. The governor said: “In Borno, particularly, Brigade headquarters was attacked, many soldiers, men and officers of the Nigerian Army were killed. Let me use this opportunity to extend my condolences to the families of the deceased. God, in His infinite wisdom, forgive them. “I think it is my own responsibility to come and say the truth to Mr President, let him know what is going on in the entire Northeast subregion. “I think there is the need for us to get support for us to succeed in this war against insurgents. It’s very pathetic. A few days ago, Damasak was attacked, hundreds of people started fleeing Damasak and now Geidam is almost deserted, many people have left Geidam.” On the cause of the continuing deteriorating security situation in the Northeast, Governor Zulum stated: “I think the military is yet to receive some of the equipment that they have ordered for.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Insecurity: I’m in Aso Rock to tell Buhari the truth Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Insecurity: I’m in Aso Rock to tell Buhari the truth SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.