Imo State governor, Hope Uzodinma‘s house at his hometown in Omuma, Oru East local government area of Imo state has been attacked by gunmen The house which is in his Omuma country home was attacked on Saturday morning and set ablaze by the invaders who wore black and black attire. An Imo government source confirmed the attack which saw sympathizers, villagers struggling to extinguish the fire. As of the time of filing this report, many vehicles which were said to be official vehicles were in flames as a suspected lifeless body was also seen lying in front of the governor’s house. This is happening at a time the security in the South East zone has deteriorated with serial attacks on police stations across the states. All the states in the South East have experienced attacks by the unknown gunmen who have not shown any signs of applying breaks. The recently formed Ebubeagu has refused to take off or show any sign of effectiveness just as residents of the five states in the zone continue to live in fear. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Hope Uzodinma’s house  Hope Uzodinma’s house Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Hope Uzodinma’s house Hope Uzodinma’s house SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.