Leaders of the Southern and Middle Belt Forum of Nigeria, have expressed shock and pain on the news of the death of its “fearless” National Secretary and spokesman of Afenifere, Comrade Yinka Odumakin. They made this known in a statement jointly signed by Chief E. K. Clark (National Leader); Prof. George Obiozor, (President-General, Ohaneze Ndigbo); Dr Pogu Bitrus, President -General, Middle Belt Forum) and Senator Emmanuel Ibok-Essien, National Chairman, Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF). The statement said the death was confirmed to them by Chief Ayo Adebanjo, National Leader of Afenifere. The leaders stated: “A very versatile and cerebral journalist, Yinka, as he was simply known, was a great patriot and nationalist. Although he was an Afenifere chieftain, his commitment to building a Nigerian State, where fairness, equity and justice reigns, was unparalleled. “For Southern Nigerian and Middle Belt Forum, Yinka was a backbone who in the past few years worked tirelessly to give the organisation both national and international visibility and recognition. He also brought clarity and common understanding to the problems bedevilling our country, aimed at providing timely solutions to them. “Yinka has etched his name in steel in the anal of Nigerian history. He will, therefore, be remembered by all citizens as one of our greatest citizens ever. “Our condolences go to his wife, Comrade Dr Joe Okei- ODUMAKIN, the rest of the family and Afenifere as a whole. May his soul rest in peace.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…We’re shocked  We’re shocked Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…We’re shocked  We’re shocked SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!