The National Executive Council meeting of Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) held in Kaduna on Thursday said dialogue and consultations with the other parts of the country is the only solution to bring back the peace which has eluded Nigeria in recent time. In a communique issued and read by the National Publicity Secretary of the forum, Emmanuel Yawe, the meeting chaired by the national chairman of the Forum, Chief Audu Ogbe, expressed displeasure over the state of affairs in the North and the country. He said the Forum condemned the activities of insurgents, kidnappers and bandits in the North, saying that their activities are killing the peace and progress for which the north was noted for when the founders of the region were in power. The Forum also decried the utterances of some actors and leaders who have sought to inflame regional, ethnic and religious passions out of the current situation in the country. To this end, the Forum called on Nigerian leaders to exercise restraint in their utterances in the current circumstances. It also regretted that the kidnapped students of Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation had remained in captivity and the Kaduna state government has not done much to get them released. “The Forum agreed to take up their plight with the state government and the federal government too.” On the reports of the unfortunate killings of some northerners in the South East, the forum noted that seemed suspicious. It, however, called on security agencies to investigate these killings and fish out the culprits. “We also warn our youths who have suddenly started distributing messages on the social media calling on reprisal attacks on Ibos and their business interests in the north. “We the Arewa Consultative Forum stand against all lawless acts of self-help and call on all northern youths to stop such evil plans. “They do not enjoy our support. The Arewa Consultative Forum believes in dialogue and consultation as a way of bringing peace and normalcy back to our troubled region and Nation. “We however condemn the payment of ransom and call on the bandits and insurgents who are holding other citizens as hostages to desist from such ungodly acts. “No religion that is practised in Northern Nigeria permits such sinful acts like holding other human beings as hostages for financial reward.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.