Several shops and properties at Araromi auto spare parts market, AgodiGate, Ibadan, were destroyed on Saturday as a mosque was also gutted by fire. The inferno was said to have started at 11:00 pm on Friday and razed over 100 shops, according to an eyewitness. Investigations by Sunday Tribune revealed that some of the goods which got burnt down included motor spare parts, tyres, cables, engines, and vehicle accessories. Speaking with Sunday Tribune, Babaloja of Araromi spare parts market, Chief Waheed Azeez, said that the inferno started on Friday night around 11:00pm after everybody had left their shops saying high votage may have caused the inferno. He said: “It was discovered that there was electricity spark around the tyres due to power surge and the fire escalated. Effort to reach out to the Oyo State Fire Service did not materialise on time and when their personnel arrived, it was a bit late as the inferno had already caused serious destruction. “We have lost a fortune to this unfortunate incident; investments worth millions of naira have been lost. In fact, most traders here have just restocked their shops. This is a colossal, may God take control. “We are appealing to the government, especially the Federal Government, to come to our aid because this is beyond the state government. This is a community on his own, we want our kind-hearted governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, to please help us mitigate this loss because this is a setback for all shop owners here. Also, another victim who is into Toyota spare parts business, Mohammed Adekunle could only count his losses. “I don’t know where to start because I have lost all my goods to the incident, this is worst thing that has ever happened to me, I’m calling on the state government for help. Personally, I have lost over N500,000 worth of goods to this incident, even most of our colleagues cannot show up because they took loans which they invested in various businesses here. In fact, some are down already in their homes, having lost millions of naira to the incident. Another victim, Mrs Toyin Akinkunmi said both the state and the federal governments need to quickly assist the victims as most of them have lost everything to this incident. “This is the business we bank on to cater for our children and families, and how do we survive with this sad development?” Meanwhile, as of the time of filing this report, traders were seen packing off the remnants of the spare parts on the road, while waiting for help from individuals and the authorities to bring succour to them in no time.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.