A middle-aged woman, Latifat Oyebode, was at the weekend beheaded by yet-to-be-identified persons at Ogingbin area of Ile-Ife, Osun State. Oyebode popularly known as Iya-Elekuru was found inside an uncompleted building occupied by an herbalist in the town. The herbalist has reportedly fled to an unknown place. The hawker who hailed from Modakeke, an adjourning town to Ile-Ife where the incident happened, also had her two hands cut off. Before our reporter’s arrival at the scene, the Oyebode’s relatives had taken away her remains. Angry youths in the area burnt down the building where the lifeless body was found. State Police Command Public Relations Officer (PRO), Mrs Yemisi Opalola, said the deceased had been buried according to Islamic rites and affirming that the perpetrators would be fished out soon. The Police spokesperson stated that the head and hands of the deceased were cut and taken away by the fleeing suspect, assuring that the police would do their jobs to bring the culprit to book. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.