Gunmen who kidnapped students of Greenfield University have shot dead three of the abducted students. It is recalled that the armed bandits on Tuesday night kidnapped some students at the institution located at Kasarami village off Kaduna-Abuja Road in Chikun Local Government Area. A statement issued by the Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, on Friday, said the bodies of three students were found on Friday in Kwanan Bature village, a location close to the university. According to the statement: “The remains of the three students have been evacuated to a mortuary by the Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs and Force Commander, Operation Thunder Strike, Lieutenant Colonel M.H. Abdullahi. “Governor Nasir el-Rufai has also described the killing of three students as sheer wickedness, inhumanity and an outright desecration of human lives by vile entities. “According to the governor, evil would not triumph over God-given humanity. He appealed to citizens to come together against the forces of darkness challenging national security and the very existence of the Nigerian State. “The governor, on behalf of the government and people of Kaduna State, sent deep condolences and empathy to the students’ families and the university community, as he prayed for the repose of their souls.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  UPDATED: Three abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna, found dead Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  UPDATED: Three abducted students of Greenfield University, Kaduna, found dead [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.