TAJBank, Nigeria’s leading non-interest banking services provider, has recorded a heartwarming earning per share (EPS), with its shareholders earning N11.82 per share. This represents an appreciation of 1,182 per cent on every N1 investment by them in the financial year 2020. This is even as the lender reported N845 million Profit After Tax (PAT) in its first year of operations ending December 2020, just as its other performance indices were upswing, demonstrating the management’s superior financial competencies to create sustainable value for its various stakeholders. The performance also lends credence to the success and market acceptance of the non-interest banking model. The bank’s impressive scorecard was posted during the financial year amid the devastating impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global, and particularly Nigeria’s economic landscape. TAJBank’s financial statements already approved by the monetary authorities indicated that the lender, which had achieved its breakeven mark barely nine months after it debuted in the non-interest banking terrain, grew its total assets from N9.2billion in 2019 to N50 billion in 2020, representing a 443 per cent increase and a remarkable growth. A further analysis of the ethical and value-driven bank’s financials showed 1,495 per cent growth in its deposit base showcasing the lender’s capacity to thrive in the non-interest banking sub-sector through innovation and efficient service delivery in the face of the COVID-19 triggered disruptions in the financial sector. The bank has also grew  its agency banking network (TAJExpress) to over 3,000 agents within its first year of operations. Quite remarkably, at a time when electronic frauds are threatening the global banking system, TAJBank has guaranteed the safety of depositors’ and investors’ funds, recording no single incidence of fraud since its inception. Commenting on the bank’s impressive performance in its maiden year and capacity to break even within nine months of operation, the Founder and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Hamid Joda, said the feat “is indicative that in this short period of business operations we have received such a massive amount of support and encouragement from various bodies and individuals. “Breaking even in nine months of operation is a laudable feat and we are appreciative of the enormous support and encouragement that we have received so far. We assure our customers that we will continue to explore the business landscape with a view to consistently deliver on our mission to provide the very best of products and services to our customers,” Joda added. The bank’s Co-founder and Chief Marketing Officer, Mr. Sherif Idi, also enthused: “In our business environment, creating products and services that fully resonate with our customers while addressing their needs is a priority. “We are delighted with the satisfaction rate and feedback we have received so far on TAJBank, a thought leader in the increasingly dynamic non-interest banking sub-segment of the banking industry, and its numerous value-adding services to customers.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.