Pfizer Inc and BioNTech SE announced on Monday they would supply an additional 100 million doses of COMIRNATY, the companies’ COVID-19 vaccine, to the 27 European Union member states in 2021. The agreement followed the European Commission’s decision to exercise its option to purchase an additional 100 million doses under its expanded advanced purchase agreement, signed on Feb. 17. This means the total number of doses to be delivered to the EU would be 600 million. COMIRNATY is to be produced in BioNTech’s and Pfizer’s manufacturing sites in Europe. The companies said they planned to deliver 250 million doses to the EU in the second quarter, a fourfold increase on the first quarter’s agreed quantity. Sean Marett, chief business and chief commercial officer of BioNTech, said, “The additional 100 million doses from this option exercise will further help to support the acceleration of the vaccination campaigns throughout the EU. “We now intend to deliver a total of 600 million doses to the EU this year, which covers two-thirds of the EU population and represents the largest cumulative supply agreement for COMIRNATY that we have agreed to date globally. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Pfizer/BioNTech confirm extra 100m vaccine doses to EU in 2021 ;  Pfizer/BioNTech confirm extra 100m vaccine doses to EU in 2021  ;  Pfizer/BioNTech confirm extra 100m vaccine doses to EU in 2021. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.