Elder statesman and former Presidential Liaison Officer, Alhaji Tanko Yakasai, has said electing Major General Muhammadu Buhari as president of the country is the greatest mistake made by Nigerians in recent times. Yakasai, who spoke exclusively to Sunday Tribune, said he had always known Buhari lacks the capacity and the competence to deliver the goods and solve the country’s problems. “I have never supported and will never support Buhari. I know Buhari has no competence to rule the country. I have never changed my mind about his lack of competence to lead the country. “I didn’t support Buhari because I knew he could not solve our problems as a country. The capacity is not just there. I would join efforts to look for somebody who can solve our problems. “Nobody can solve Nigeria’s problems until there is a programme for solving the problems. Many now want to become president because they want to have power and to make money. “Such people can’t solve our problems or the problems of any country. Only people who put their minds to the problems can solve such problems. If we want to develop agriculture, we must have a programme that solves the problems in that area. “There must be a programme to solve the problems of power, infrastructure and a programme that will create jobs for the youths. If there are programmes for the various sectors, the future of the country would change for the better. “But these people only want power to make money. It is not a question of South or North because both southerners and northerners have ruled the country. It is the problem of lack of programme and capacity that is troubling the country,” he said. He, however, said his opposition to President Buhari would not translate to endorsement for those calling for the balkanization of the country, saying there would be more problems for the various component parts if they break away. https://tribuneonlineng.com/breaking-up-nigeria-will-not-solve-but-create-more-problems-yakasai/ YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.