The COVID-19 pandemic succeeded in bringing to the fore the realities of doing business and helped to streamline some business activities to make them cost-effective. This is according to Mr Israel Obatunde, the Chief Creative Officer, IOmedia.ng. To Mr Obatunde, the pandemic bridged the gap and brought the future to the present, making the hitherto unusual the norm. “COVID-19 has opened our eyes to see the reality in do- ing business in an unusual way. Our normal has turned to abnormal. Our abnormal now is more cost-effective than the usual normal,” said Obatunde. “And to top it all, you can actually work anywhere at any time and still deliver optimal business results”. As much as  COVID-19 hit some businesses hard, some others made more profits even in the heat of the pandemic. An example, he said, is the Electric car pioneer company, Tesla, which amid the lockdown in July 2020 hit its stride. The sales of the company, owned by billionaire, Elon Musk held up well, with growth in China and other overseas markets offsetting the loss in the United States. Data from the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) revealed that Nigeria gained 2.5 million subscribers during the lockdown in April 2020. Also, in Q2 2020, internet users hit 7.5 million, taking the total number of data users in Nigeria to 143.3 million as of June 2020. Telecos financial reports during these periods show growth although the numbers were said not to be impressive,  compared to revenues from previous quarters. Israel Obatunde noted further that, despite these, the advertising in the industry, took the lockdown in its stride.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Convert Unoccupied Public Land To Ranches, Tinubu Advises Governors  National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Senator Bola Tinubu, on Saturday, broke his silence on the farmer-herder conflict and the growing violence in the country, calling for a government takeover of “unoccupied public land” and turning same into ranches for cattle… Reps To Army Chief: Come Explain How Military Weapons Got To Bandits The House of Representatives on Friday said the Chief of Army Staff, Major General Ibrahim Attahiru should appear before it to explain how weapons bought for the Nigerian Army ended up in the hands of bandits. The House also on  Friday expressed grave concern over allegations made by the National Security Adviser… Apprehension In Kano Over Foreign Camel Caravans RESIDENTS of Rimin Zakara and Doraji Babba communities of Gwale and Ungogo Local Government areas of Kano state have since Wednesday been filled with apprehension and fear over the presence of foreign camel caravans in their neighbourhood. It was gathered that some residents of the communities on seeing the strange caravans decided to relocate their families for fear of the unknown. One Malam Muhammed Ibrahim… Arms Procurement: Billions Spent, No Weapon Seen —NSA •No Money Is Missing, Weapons Being Delivered —Presidency •No money is missing, weapons being delivered —Presidency •NSA was quoted out of context —ONSA •Disclosure weighty, must be probed —PANDEF, Gani Adams THE National Security A d v i s e r ( N S A ) , Babagana Monguno, said on Friday that billions were spent on procurement of weapons with the supplies not met on ground by the new service chiefs. Monguno said in a British Broadcasting  Corporation (BBC) Hausa Service interview that the new service chiefs did not meet weapons for which the money was  approved when they assumed… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.