A geriatric neurologist, Dr Temitope Farombi says that the spate of abuse on elderly people in Nigeria is on the rise because many vulnerable older adults are left at the mercy of informal caregivers, most of whom are untrained. Dr Farombi, who spoke at the opening of a 2-day hybrid training of informal carers by Brain Health Initiative Nigeria, a non-governmental organization, said vulnerable elderly people are being neglected in the hands of people, most of whom are untrained informal care givers, who see their care as a job without empathy. According to the medical expert, caring for the elderly requires more than giving them food and medication, but also physiological and social support based on their medical condition and their needed level of support and care. Farombi, CEO and founder of Brain Health Initiative Nigeria said there is a possibility of abuse in older people as they become more dependent on others due to age, diminished strength, frailty, emotional instability and presence of chronic diseases. She declared that “in their state of dependency, they are exploited. Caregivers, even their own children will wish their parents died so they can move on with life. There are cases where elderly people are starved because the caregiver steals. Nigeria’s policy leaves them in the hand of informal caregivers without going through medical education; it is a critical mass of people we often overlook even though the care they render affect the outcome of care they receive from formal carers like doctors and nurses. For instance, there is the case of an elderly man whose carer refused to give him his drugs because the carer did not want him to urinate all over the house. Afterwards, he came down with a stroke because the blood pressure of the man shut up. It is an indication that the carer lacked the understanding of why the drugs must be taken.” Dr Farombi said there was a critical gap in the training of informal caregivers for elderly people in Nigeria and the reason for the 2-day training to instill knowledge and empathy for better care support in them. Mr Olayinka Ajomale, a geriatric social worker and executive director, Centre on Aging, Development and Rights of elderly persons said the effects and consequences of abuse on the elderly are terrible, including physical disability, long term psychological effect and post-traumatic stress disorder. Mr Ajomale urged adequate legislation for rehabilitation and prosecutors of abusers of the elderly.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.