Five persons lost their lives, on Thursday evening, in a road accident that occurred on Oba-Ile-Airport road in Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State. The accident which involved a motorcycle, an articulated truck and a Toyota car while on top speed, killing five people on the spot and several others were injured. An eye witness explained that the motorcyclist rider had a head-on collision with the Toyota car, while the truck in an effort to avoid crushing the car, lost control and rammed into a building. Several other persons who were inside the building were caught unaware and were injured in the accident. The injured victims were rushed to the hospital for medical attention while the remains of the dead victims had been deposited at the morgue. Spokesman for the Ondo Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Abiola Fadumo, confirmed the accident but said he was yet to know the actual casualties and cause of the accident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Five killed, several injured in Ondo road accident SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.