Two persons were reportedly killed in Benin City, Edo State capital, following a renewed cult clash between two rival cult groups in the state. Tribune Online gathered that what triggered the latest clash was the last Saturday killing of one Ogbomo, by a rival group. The four-man gang who carried out the execution of Ogbomo were said to have accosted him at about 4pm along Esigie Street, 3rd East Circular Road, Benin. His cult group members, it was further gathered, carried out a reprisal on Monday afternoon by killing a commercial bus driver, believed to be a member of the group which killed Ogbomo, also along 3rd East Circular Road by Esigie junction. An eyewitness who only identified himself as Okharedia, told journalists that: “I and other passengers boarded a commercial bus from Ekiosa Market to New Benin by Upper Mission junction. Half way into the journey, an Audi car overtook us and forced the driver to stop”. “The next thing the gunmen came out of the Audi car and dragged the bus driver out and shot him at the closed range,” Okharedia added. When contacted, the Edo State public relations officer, Kotongs Bello, said he was not aware on the development as the Divisional Police Officer, DPO, in charge of the area was yet to brief the command. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Renewed cult clash claims two in Benin SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.