An advocacy group, Human and Environmental Development Agenda, (HEDA Resource Centre), on Tuesday, said there is a need for collaboration between the country where the money is stolen and the country where it is invested without which it will be difficult to fight corruption and put a stop to corrupt practices. Chairman of the group, Mr Olanrewaju Suraju, said this while speaking at the round table, and the unveiling of “A Compendium of 100 High Profile Corruption Cases in Nigeria (4th Edition), which took place at Sheraton Hotels, Ikeja, Lagos. According to Suraju, it will be difficult to stop the corrupt practices if the country where the money is taken to fails to collaborate with the country where the money is stolen, adding that level of corruption in Nigeria would reduce if a potentially corrupt person had nowhere to take stolen money stolen to for keep or investment. Also speaking, Dr Gbenga Oduntan said the major funds stolen from the country through illicit financial flow were through under-invoicing and tax invasion by the multinational companies, declaring that such constituted about 70 per cent of money taken out of the country, which runs to billions of Naira. Oduntan charged the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to exhibit what he termed “institution capacity” capable of dealing with corrupt practices, noting that the inability of the Apex bank to play its role as expected was responsible for the increase in Illicit financial flow in the country. “There is the need for collaboration between the anti-graft agencies and the CBN to be able to tackle corruption effectively in the country,” he said. HEDA, in its 4th Edition of a Compendium of 100 High Profile Corruption Cases in Nigeria, revealed that 16 former governors, two (2) senators, five (5) former ministers and advisers, among others, were currently facing trial in the country, while nine (9) former governors, among others, had their cases pending, with three governors and five already sentenced. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.