THE Lagos State Commissioner for Physical Planning and Urban Development, Dr Idris Salako, has disclosed government’s plan to award contract for the preparation of Ibeju-Lekki Model City Plan. The commissioner, who stated this at the sideline of the swearing in ceremony of Ayo Adejumo, as the 17th Chairman of the Lagos Chapter of the Nigerian Institute of Town Planners (NITP), said that preparation of Ibeju-Lekki Model City Plan has become imperative in order to direct physical development and growth in the corridor  to prevent environmental abuses. Justifying government’s commitment to the blueprint, he noted that 11 model city plans have been prepared across the state, remaining that of Lagos Island and Kosofe Local Government areas “And by end of last year, we have awarded Kosofe and Lagos Island Model City.  We are also about to award Ibeju-lekki Model City Plan. ”At the end of the whole process and after the provision of the Lagos Island, Kosofe and Lekki Model City Plans, we will now take all the plans together and then have the metropolitan plan for the state,” the commissioner said. He pointed out that the growth’s trajectory around Ibeju-Lekki Free Trade Zone and increasing level of ongoing investments are enough to catapult the state from the present status to bigger economy. He said: “If you look at the growth trajectory around that area and what happens in other places in Lagos, and if you also look back and see what Apapa has turned to, you will agree with me that Ibeju- Lekki is a potential investment’s hub for the state; a place that can, with the level of investment going on there, can catapult the state from the present status to bigger economy.” For this reason, Salako said that government would have to take special interest in Ibeju- Lekki to direct growth   to curb indiscriminate and unplanned physical development in the region. According to him, by the time the Lagos State government takes control of development activities in the area, it would be easy to regulate the direction of growth. The commissioner maintained that preparation of model city plan for Ibeju-Lekki would help government unlock most business opportunities inherent in the locations. “That is why government is coming out with model city plan,” he said. Ibeju-Lekki is regarded as the next hot spot in Lagos State, especially in terms of development. This part of the state is fast becoming the go-to area for real estate developers and potential investors due to the recent amount of developments in the area. The projected developments that are under construction in Ibeju-Lekki are majorly top government and private projects. Some of  the prominent projects which include the $9 billion Dangote Refinery, new international airport, Lekki Golf Course, Pan-Atlantic University, Alaro City, Deep Sea Port and Lekki Free Trade Zone. Salako advised town planners to eliminate quacks from the sector to ensure an orderly built environment. According to him, professionals should look into policy standards and become more professional. He charged the new leadership of Lagos’ NITP to be resilient in upholding ethical standards and demonstrate leadership to build on the success recorded by his predecessor. The commissioner, who is also a town planner, said that government would   collaborate with NITP to regulate the built environment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.