There are expectations treasury bills worth N89.56 billion will mature via the primary and secondary markets to more than offset the T-bills worth N69.56 billion which will be auctioned by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) via the primary market. These will comprise 92-day bills worth 15.92 billion, 182-day bills worth N4.50 billion and 364-day bills worth N49.14 billion. “We expect the stop rates of the new issuances to marginally increase. In the coming week, we expect the direction of rates in the upcoming auction to drive performance in the domestic bond market,” dealers from Cowry Assets Management Limited said in a note to clients. Similarly, in the Eurobond market, dealers expect a sustained bullish performance following renewed interest in the space. In the just concluded week, the CBN issued a total of N20.00 billion at the Open Market Operation (OMO) auction for 96- day (N5 billion at seven per cent), 173-day (N5 billion at 8.50 per cent) and 341-day (N10 billion at 10.10 per cent) to partly drain system liquidity given the maturing OMO bills worth N34 billion. Nevertheless, Nigeria Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) moved in mixed directions across tenor buckets. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.