A total of 30 suspects have been arrested by Bauchi State Police Command for various criminal offence ranging from armed robbery, trespasses, phone snatching, cattle rustling and kidnapping in the last one month. Also, four motorcycles, electronic gadgets including laptops, plasma TVs, decoders and others worth over N3m were recovered from the suspects most of who have confessed to committing the crimes they were arrested for. While parading the suspects at the Command headquarters on Friday, the Commissioner of Police Bauchi State Command, Abiodun Sylvester Alabi stated that the suspects were arrested at different locations in Alkaleri, Bauchi and Toro LGA where they were terrorizing members of the public. The CP stated that “during the period under review, we had encounters with bandits, arrested notorious robbery suspects and recovered arrays of assorted exhibits.” He narrated that, On Monday 22nd March 2021 joint operations with members of the peace and security committee Bauchi, led to the arrest of one Aliyu Usman, aged 24yrs of Anguwan Hardo, Bauchi and one Abdullahi Ibrahim, aged 18 of the same address, both of whom conspired with one Nazifi of Kofar Dumi Bauchi and others now at large to invade the house of one Habib Mohammed, a Staff of Ruwasa Bauchi. The suspects were armed with machetes and other deadly weapons, the suspects burgled the house and robbed the occupant of a Laptop Computer, Two Infinix phones, one Tambo phone, and Jewelry the total value in the currency of which is yet to be ascertained. The Commissioner added that during the course of the investigation the said Tambo phone was recovered from the suspects saying that efforts are being intensified to arrest the other accomplices in the crime while the suspects will be charged to court accordingly for proper prosecution. “In furtherance of our effort to maintain policing standards across all nooks and crannies of the State, on Thursday 25th March 2021 a team of Detectives attached to Area Command Metro in collaboration with the members of peace and security committee Bauchi State, arrested a group of suspected Armed Robbers, House Trespassers and Phone snatchers all of who are known for their bad deeds,” he said. He also said that suspects arrested in connection to the aforementioned include; Abdullahi M. Hashim alias ‘Ranga,’ Male, aged 20 of Zango Bauchi. Shuaibu Mohammed Nasir Alias ‘Baba cizo’ of Zango Bauchi. Ahmed Abdulahi Alias ‘Mission’ of Nasarawa Bauchi. Al-amin Dahiru alias ‘Target’ of Jahun Bauchi. Mohammed Ismail alias ‘K2’ of Federal Low-cost Bauchi, and Aliyu Adamu alias ‘Daba’ of Jahun Bauchi. The Commissioner declared that “It is noteworthy that the crime enumerated above amounts to criminal conspiracy, house trespass, burglary and armed robbery for which suspects mentioned above will be charged to court accordingly.” Abiodun Sylvester Alabi said that “all exhibits recovered from the suspects were released to the owners after proper and announcing identification. We assure the general public that our duty towards maintaining law and order, providing adequate security for lives and properties, preventing and detecting crime, and enforcing the laws in order to preserve civil order is unwavering.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Bauchi police arrest 30 suspects  Bauchi police arrest 30 suspects Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Bauchi police arrest 30 suspects  Bauchi police arrest 30 suspects SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.