OPERATIVES of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Tuesday evening arrested a former governor of Imo State and senator representing Imo West senatorial district, Chief Rochas Okorocha, over alleged sleazes while he served as governor. The former governor, it was learnt, was arrested in his Abuja residence by the operatives, who were said to have been on his trail for some time. A source in the commission informed the Nigerian Tribune that the former governor was arrested following his failure to honour several invitations sent to him to report at the anti-graft agency’s headquarters in Abuja. “EFCC resorted to his (Okorocha’s) arrest following his refusal to honour invitations sent to him. Many invitations were sent to him to report at the Abuja headquarters but he failed to do so. Before his arrest today (yesterday), our operatives have been on his trail for some days,” the source told Nigerian Tribune. EFCC’s Head, Media and Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren, confirmed Okorocha’s arrest to Nigerian Tribune, saying that, “it is true he was arrested today. He is with us now.” As of the time of filing this report, the former governor was still being questioned by interrogators and it is uncertain if he would be granted administrative bail to go home. Though Uwujaren did not reveal the reason behind his arrest, sources informed that the senator had been on the anti-corruption commission’s radar since he left office in May 2019 and in July 2019, it sealed off some properties linked to the former governor, his wife and daughters in Imo State.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.