The National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN) announced the flag-off of its coaching and mentoring programme, aimed at dealing with the dearth of experienced marketing professionals at the lower and middle marketing management levels. Speaking at a virtual launch of the programme, the institute’s President and Chairman of the Council, Prince Tony Agenmonmen explained that the programme was one of the marketing institute’s ways of closing skill gaps in the profession, and passing down the quality professional baton to the younger marketing elements. He attributed the falling standards in the profession today to the fact that younger marketers no longer enjoy the kind of mentoring and support, their senior colleagues used to receive formally and informally in the early days of their careers. Agenmonmen explained that the programme would afford budding marketing practitioners the opportunity to learn from the older and more accomplished practitioners, through proper mentorship and adequate coaching. “I am proud to say that Nigeria is blessed with very high professional marketing practitioners, many of whom have distinguished themselves, internationally. But this is only part of the story. “I have had many senior marketing people agonise about the dearth of experienced marketing professionals at the lower and middle marketing management levels. It has always worried me, and I guess also many of us that have had the privilege of being developed and groomed. “I am persuaded that we should not just continue to agonise and worry. It is our duty and responsibility to do something and to pass on the rich legacy of the training, coaching and mentorship that we got. Part of that ‘something’ is what we are doing now,” he stated. While stressing the need for organisations to have good marketing professionals to be able to meet their corporate aspirations, the NIMN boss believed the institute’s mentoring process would go a long way in linking experienced managers in the industry with less experienced ones, across companies and states, so as to foster career development and professional growth of the young managers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… NIMN commences mentoring programs  ;  NIMN commences mentoring programs  ;  NIMN commences mentoring programs. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.