Management of the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) has expressed satisfaction with the unprecedented transformation of the health sector in Gombe State within just a 2 years period of the Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya-led APC administration. Dr Sikiru Saluwudeen made the commendation at the debriefing session held with the State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Habu Dahiru on the outcome of the just-concluded accreditation exercise jointly performed by the NHIS and the State Contributory Healthcare Management Agency (GoHealth). The visit was meant to debrief the Commissioner on the health facility accreditation exercise carried out to ascertain the level of preparedness of the 114 Primary Healthcare Centres selected to provide services to Basic Healthcare Provision Fund beneficiaries. Sikiru Salawuddeen who is the immediate past Coordinator of NHIS in the state applauded the state government under the leadership of Inuwa Yahaya for transforming healthcare facilities across the state. He remarked that all the 114 healthcare facilities visited have standard infrastructure and equipment required to provide the basic minimum package of health services apart from a few flashpoints of manpower gap in some hard-to-reach areas. He added that “Haven worked in the state and left about 2 years ago, I could not believe the transformation I have witnessed in my return to the state”. In his response, the Commissioner of Health, Dr. Habu Dahiru reiterated that the revitalisation of healthcare facilities in the state was a result of the Governor’s resolve in prioritizing the health sector since assuming office. He stressed the need for a strong collaboration between NHIS and GoHealth for the smooth take-off of the BHCPF and other programmes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…NHIS lauds Inuwa Yahaya  NHIS lauds Inuwa Yahaya Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…NHIS lauds Inuwa Yahaya  NHIS lauds Inuwa Yahaya SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.