President Muhammadu Buhari, among several world leaders, has eulogised Prince Philip, husband of Queen Elizabeth II and a leading figure in the British royal family who died yesterday at aged 99. President Buhari described the death of the Duke of Edinburgh as the end of an era. “Prince Philip was one of the greatest and publicly recognisable international figures whose contributions to the Commonwealth will be remembered for generations to come,” he said. Similarly, United States President Joe Biden said Prince Philip saw our world change dramatically and repeatedly, from his service during World War II, to his 73 years alongside the Queen and his entire life in the public eye. According to him, “His legacy will live on not only through his family but also in all the charitable endeavours he shaped. Jill and I are keeping the Queen and Prince Philip’s children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren in our hearts during this time.” United Kingdom Prime Minister Boris Johnson also paid tribute to the Duke, noting he was steadfast in his support for Her Majesty the Queen, not just as her consort, by her side, every day of her reign, but as her husband, has strength and stay of more than 70 years. “Like the expert carriage driver that he was, he helped to steer the royal family and the monarchy so that it remains an institution indisputably vital to the balance and happiness of our national life,” he added. According to Reuters, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, “The death of Prince Philip fills me with great sorrow. His friendship to Germany, his straightforwardness and his sense of duty will not be forgotten.” French President Emmanuel Macron stated Prince Philip “lived an exemplary life defined by bravery, a sense of duty and commitment to the youth and the environment.” In a statement issued by the Royal Family, King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain said, “We shall never forget the moments that we shared with him and the legacy of service and dedication to the crown and the United Kingdom by your side.” US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi noted that “The US Congress extends condolences over the passing of Prince Philip, whose life was distinguished by an inspiring ethic of dedicated service.” Barack Obama, former US president, said, “Prince Philip showed the world what it meant to be a supportive husband to a powerful woman. Through his extraordinary example, he also proved that true partnership has room for both ambition and selflessness all in service of something greater.” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau described Prince Philip as a man of great purpose and conviction motivated by a sense of duty to others. Just as the United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said, “He was known for his dedication to charitable causes as a patron of some 800 organizations, in particular those focused on the environment, industry, sport and education.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  eulogise Britain’s Prince Philip  ;  eulogise Britain’s Prince Philip  ;  eulogise Britain’s Prince Philip  ;  eulogise Britain’s Prince Philip. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.