Chibueze Akukwe sticks a label on a bottle of an upmarket Nigerian spirit in a factory in Lagos State. He hopes stylish branding will help sell the tipple, fermented in nearby villages using techniques dating back centuries, to upmarket customers. A spirit called ‘Ogogoro’, referred to locally as “gin”, is extracted from palm trees before undergoing fermentation. The resulting drink is cheap, but varies in potency and quality, Reuters reported. Akukwe and his business partner, Lola Pedro, are aiming higher with Pedro’s palm spirit, combining traditional techniques with modern distillation processes to attract wealthy drinkers at home and abroad. Pedro’s is already sold in Ghana, Kenya and Britain. “I didn’t see much of a difference between some of the big name brand spirits that we know all across the globe, when you compare those with Ogogoro,” said Akukwe, speaking at the company’s distillery in Lagos, which produces half-litre bottles sold for $50. The brand is hoping to tap into a growing appetite for spirits in Africa’s most populous country after coronavirus restrictions forced people to host friends at home. Pedro’s declined to give details of its sales. Market research firm, Euromonitor, said Nigeria’s premium spirits market was growing from a low base, “creating interest among the younger, wealthier population whose budgets have been less affected by the COVID-19 epidemic.” Spirits are more usually drunk more at home than other alcoholic drinks and are seen as a growth area in Nigeria because of their high price and low production costs, said Stanbic IBTC Africa analyst, Fola Abimbola. “The spirits market is fragmented,” said Abimbola. “Smaller players can compete.” For Akukwe, the drink is more than just alcohol. “Our spirits deserve to be showcased,” he said. “Our culture and our heritage deserve to be showcased.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week…How two Nigerians are turning ‘Ogogoro’ into premium brand sold in Britain, Kenya, Ghana How two Nigerians are turning ‘Ogogoro’ into premium brand sold in Britain, Kenya, Ghana SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.