The Governing Council of Ekiti State University, Ado-Ekiti has announced the proscription of all the four staff unions in the institution following days of unrest on the campus. The affected unions are, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) , National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), and the Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU). The university, in a statement by the Head, Directorate of Information & Corporate Affairs, Bode Olofinmuagun also announced the immediate closure and ordered students to vacate the campus with immediate effect. The statement read, ” All academic activities are hereby suspended. This is as a result of the continuous disruption of lawful activities on campus which have endangered lives and property in the last one week. Consequently, to guarantee peace and orderliness on campus, all the four unions ( ASUU, SSANU, NAAT, and NASU) are hereby proscribed with immediate effect. “All students are advised to vacate the campus forthwith.” These decisions were a result of the running battles between the management and the unions over the unpaid entitlements and welfare of members which grounded academic activities in the institution last week. Meanwhile, leaders of the two unions affected, ASUU and SSANU in their separate reactions in Ado Ekiti on Saturday said neither the state government nor the management of the institution has the powers to proscribe them. “Government or management has powers to close down their school, but they have no such powers to proscribe any union. Even, the Vice-Chancellor himself is aware of this. But we want to assure them that we are not deterred.” According to the ASUU chairman, Dr. Kayode Arogundade, who gave an impression that management might not have acted alone in the proscription of the unions said, ” It is very clear that the State Governor is not finding it easy with the unions.” He denied allegations that the unions, stalled normal academic and non-academic activities during the period their protests which began on Monday lasted, stressing that nothing was violent about their actions. “Government or management has powers to close down their school, but they have no such powers to proscribe any union. Even, the Vice-Chancellor himself is aware of this. But we want to assure them that we are not deterred. “They are owing us and we asked them to pay what they are owing, among other demands. All they could do was to pay a claim they don’t have all the money, ” he said. He disclosed that the matter had been reported to the national body of the union, saying the reaction of the national body was being awaited. Corroborating him in another reaction, Mr. Akin Aguda, SSANU EKSU chapter Chairman also said no one had unilateral powers to proscribe unions. “The Union is categorical about the minimum thing that can make us rescind our decision to seek permission from the National body for industrial action, the process we had since commenced since Monday 19th April 2021. “They invited us to a meeting on Friday which ended in deadlock, as Council was insisting on government’s inability to meet with our demands immediately, while time table should be prepared on how to defray other outstanding: “Unfortunately, a few minutes later, the news that Council had decided to close down the University and proscribe the unions got to us but they have no such powers,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Ekiti varsity proscribes four  Ekiti varsity proscribes four Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Ekiti varsity proscribes four  Ekiti varsity proscribes four SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.