A woman, Toyin Dotun, has appealed to Ile Tuntun Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, to dissolve her 11-year-old marriage to her husband, Bello Dotun, on the grounds of irreconcilable differences. Toyin stated that her relationship with her husband was devoid of intimacy. The plaintiff explained that she was tired of covering up for her husband and pretending that all was well. She thus pleaded that their wedlock be ended. Bello however insisted that their union should not be dissolved. According to him, Toyin is God-sent and his destiny helper. Toyin in her evidence explained, “I have endured this long in our marriage because I didn’t want the world to know that things were not going on fine between us. “I have covered up enough and it is taking its toll on my health which is one of the reasons I came to court. “My husband and I are just living together under the same roof but there is no relationship or intimacy between us. “Bello carries out no responsibility towards me as his wife, but has rather been using me to meet his needs. “I built and moved into my house 10 years ago and my husband moved in with me. My husband and I have never had sex since then. “We lost the only child in the union at age six and I requested that we had another. To my chagrin, my husband refused that we had sex. He stated that his doctor advised him to abstain from sex because he was on treatment. “I didn’t understand this nor believed him, but I later came across the result of a test which read that he had low sperm count. “I sought the help of some medical doctors and they fixed appointments with my husband at different times but he refused to honour these appointments. “We both agreed that I had an affair with another man who would impregnate me. Our plan was to raise the child as that of my husband and cover up for his inadequacy. “My lord, my husband failed to show me and our child any love or affection while he is in the habit of disgracing and humiliating me in the public. “Any time we had a disagreement, he would threaten to take the child away from me. “My lord, I’m fed up with our relationship. I pray that you separate us, “the plaintiff said. Bello giving his testimony said, “My lord, I refuse that our marriage be dissolved. My wife is God-sent. She is my destiny helper. “Our marriage is blessed with two children, but we lost one. “It is true that the doctor told me I have low sperm count, but she never told me our child is not mine. “Toyin lied that I refused to have sex with her. She is in the habit of closing her door against me. She accused me of wanting to have sex with her through diabolic means when I once forced myself into her room. “Toyin and I both take care of this child while I do that which is within my capacity in fending for the home. But to be sincere, my wife bears the brunt the responsibility. “My wife and other family members prevailed on me to move in with her in her house, it was never in my plan,” he concluded. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief Olasunkanmi Agbaje stated that more evidence was needed. Ruling, he adjourned the case and asked both parties to come with their child and parents.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.