Church leaders have been advised to work hard for the salvation of the souls of their church members, rather than pursuing pecuniary gains and other mundane things. A cleric, Pastor Andrew Ogunmola, who made the submission, said the salvation of the soul of man was made possible by the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, which was the essence of Easter. Ogunmola gave the advice as the guest speaker at the 2021 Easter Retreat of the Gospel Faith Mission International (GOFAMINT), Ikere District, held at the district’s campground along Ikere-Akure Highway in Ikere Ekiti, Ekiti State. The well-attended four-day retreat with the theme: “Life for Life” featured sermons, teachings, seminars, drama, song ministrations, impartation and medical examination of attendees, among others. He expressed dismay that many churches leaders have lost focus on why God put them in the positions they occupy, stressing that it is only the salvation of the soul of man that will qualify him for heaven at the end of his sojourn on earth. Ogunmola said the salvation of man was achieved at a huge cost with God releasing His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, noting that everybody should take the opportunity of the sacrifice to get saved before death comes. “Man gets abundant life through the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. When man fell and sinned in the Garden of Eden, he lost a lot of privileges that he enjoyed previously. But God sent Jesus Christ to die for our sins so that we can have abundant life and the death was primarily for the salvation of mankind. God sent Jesus Christ into the world so that we can be redeemed. “The abundant life we now have through Christ’s death on the cross has changed the story positively for good. Anyone without Christ will suffer here and in the hereafter. Pastors, church leaders, and those holding positions in the body of Christ must work hard for the salvation of sinners; they must make the salvation of their members paramount so that the death of Christ on the cross will not be in vain,” he added. Also speaking at the retreat, GOFAMINT Ikere District pastor, Fred Akinrotohun, described the resurrection of Jesus Christ as the cornerstone of the Christian faith and a significant event that has brought hope and joy to humanity and offered the gift of salvation to man. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.