General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has called for drastic action against corrupt practices in all facets of Nigeria. The renowned cleric made the call on Saturday during a special meeting with all ordained ministers of the mission at RCCG, Region 21, Oyo State. Adeboye, who arrived RCCG 21 Headquarters, Oluyole, Ibadan, at about 1:25 pm, said he arrived late for the meeting because someone had requested a bribe from him to fly his chopper. He said to avoid being late to the meeting, he had decided to embark on the trip via his chopper to avoid a possible gridlock at the busy Lagos/Ibadan expressway. Unfortunately, the 79-year-old mathematician, who did not give details of his encounter nor mention names of the bribe-seekers, said he met a brick wall despite setting out for the trip as early as 9:00 am. “I don’t give excuses because I have discovered long ago that only failures give excuses. But you must pray for Nigeria. “Something must be done about corruption in this nation. All I can say is that I’m this late because somebody wanted a bribe. And you know if you’re expecting a bribe from me, you have to wait forever. “But the devil has failed. And the devil will continue to fail. Fortunately for me, when I said…I started to leave for Ibadan by 9:00 am. “I decided to come because I know what the devil could do, by helicopter, so that there won’t be a traffic jam that would tie me down on the expressway. “Then, I ran into something else. But by the grace of God, we’re here,” the Ifewara-born cleric enthused. Meanwhile, Sunday Tribune gathered that the authority, which demanded a bribe from the septuagenarian, was contacted to give approval for the use of the airspace at the material time. It was further gathered that it took a presidential intervention from Abuja before Adeboye could embark on the trip to meet with the ordained ministers in Ibadan after experiencing a five-hour delay by the federal authority. The man of God, who prayed for the over 6,500 ordained ministers of the region, charged them to cover the whole world for Jesus Christ through more aggressive evangelism and church-planting.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.