The owner of Agbo Hotel, Ogbomoso in Oyo State, Mr Oyedokun Oyeniyi; his wife, Busayo Oyedokun and seven others including their children that were kidnapped, on Saturday have been released by their abductors. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the victims were released, on Tuesday, after payment of an undisclosed amount as ransom. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, DSP Adewale Osifeso, confirmed the release of the abductees. “Yes, they have been released,” he said. Osifeso did not, however, disclose whether ransom was paid before the release of the victim. It would be recalled that the kidnappers visited the hotel in Ogbomoso at about 10 p.m. on Saturday pretending to be lodgers and shot sporadically into the air before kidnapping the victims. The kidnappers had demanded N32 million ransom for the release of the abductees. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Kidnapped hotelier, wife, children, others regain freedom in Oyo State Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Kidnapped hotelier, wife, children, others regain freedom in Oyo State [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.