Prince Ned Nwoko Foundation is set to empower the creative industry with millions of Naira and a platform to stardom. This was disclosed in a statement jointly issued by Ned Media PR, Adeniyi Ifetayo Moses and Ned Nwoko Malaria Eradication Project coordinator, Mr Chukwuebuka Anyaduba, yesterday in Lagos. The Founder stated that anyone in the creative industry who can interpret his Antarctica’s experience in creating awareness on the scourge of malaria in Africa and being at the forefront to eradicate malaria in Africa starting with Nigeria could win Five Million Naira Worth of Prizes. “Prince Ned Nwoko Foundation is inviting creative talents across Nigeria to interpret his Antarctica Expedition/Experience in different creative genres such as music, short film, drawings, poetry, etc. “The Winner gets 5million Naira Worth of Prizes which include: Cash Prize of 2.5m, Luxury Trip to Mount Ned on a Private Jet and A Weekend at a Luxury Hotel in Abuja.” “All these were put together to commemorate the world malaria day and to encourage all the stakeholders for a call to action.” He said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Ned Foundation sets to empower creative industry in Nigeria Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Ned Foundation sets to empower creative industry in Nigeria [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.