Less than 24 hours after gunmen attacked Prof Chukwuma Soludo, a former CBN governor and the governorship aspirant under the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) in the forthcoming Anambra 2021 guber election, the Anambra State Police Command, says it has arrested one suspect in connection with the incident. The arrest was contained in a statement made available to journalists in Awka on Thursday by the State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Ikenganya Tochukwu. According to Tochukwu, the State Commissioner of Police, Mr Monday Bala Kuryas, in the evening hours of March 31, 2021, led a crack team of police operatives for an on-the-spot assessment of the venue of a stakeholders/ community meeting at Isuofia Civic Centre in Aguata LGA, which came under attack same date at about 1730hrs by yet to be identified armed hoodlums. The assailants were resisted by security operatives present at the event, and in the ensuing gun duel, three police operatives sustained severe gunshots injuries and were later confirmed dead in the hospital. Their corpses have been deposited in the mortuary. Following the incident, the attackers abducted one Emeka Ezenwanne, the State Commissioner for Water Resources and Public Utilities. Meanwhile, one person has been arrested in connection with the act. Tochukwu said the CP also visited the former CBN Governor, Prof Soludo to reinforce the security in his house and the community entirely. “To this end, the CP while condemning the act, commiserates with the family and friends of the officers who paid the supreme price, ordered the immediate launch of a tacit investigation to unravel the mystery behind the incidence, as well as to bring perpetrators of the barbaric act to book. “He also called on the residents in the state to join hands in the fight against crime and criminality.” In his response, the PPRO said, Soludo thanked the commissioner and his team for the quick response. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.