The contingents of Oyo and Taraba States to the 20th National Sports Festival, tagged Edo 2020, have been disqualified from the sports fiesta for failing to meet the Covid-19 guidelines for the games. Briefing journalists on Saturday at the screening centre at the Games Village, the Deputy Governor and Local Organising Committee, Comrade Philip Shaibu said the guideline must be strictly adhered to to prevent the outbreak and spread of coronavirus at the games. Comrade Shaibu also confirmed that two athletes tested positive to Covid-19 after the instant PCR test on arrival and have been taken to the Stella Obasanjo Hospital Isolation Centre. “The contingents of Oyo and Taraba stand disqualified from the 20th National Sports Festival unless the Presidential Task Force on Covid-19 gives a counter directive as both states fail to meet the Covid-19 guidelines of the games”, the Edo deputy governor said. “We have to be strict with the guidelines so as not to use the games as an avenue to spread Covid-19 in the state which has already been flattened. Even if the PTF gives approval for both states to be admitted, the teams have to go through strict Covid-19 screening and testing before they will be allowed into camp”, Shaibu emphasised. Meanwhile, 13 states have been screened as at press time. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!