THE GSMA has shared further details of its health and safety plan,  Committed Community, for MWC21 Barcelona. Committed Community was launched last month and as promised, the organisation is sharing further details on creating a safe environment for the event taking place from 28 June – 1 July 2021 in Barcelona, Spain. Committed Community takes a multi-layered approach to health and safety, and it impacts everyone involved in the event. Developed in coordination with and approved by Catalan health authorities, the plan relies on several partners with specialised expertise. The GSMA and Fira de Barcelona are delighted to share that Quirónprevención is the official medical services provider for MWC Barcelona 2021.  The internationally trusted company is headquartered in Barcelona. It will work with the GSMA, Fira de Barcelona, and all MWC21 stakeholders to ensure everyone’s health and safety involved for MWC21. Quirónprevención will staff the onsite medical testing facilities and coordinate with Catalan health authorities. “We have always taken safety at MWC Barcelona very seriously and are continuing to work with partners and experts to help build confidence in a return to in-person events,” said Mr John Hoffman, Chief Executive Officer of GSMA Ltd. “The GSMA, alongside Fira de Barcelona, are pleased to bring Quirónprevención on board, and with their local knowledge, we are committed to delivering a safe and enjoyable MWC21 experience,” he added. As part of the GSMA’s efforts to limit the impact of the MWC21 event on city resources and infrastructure, they will also work with Quirónprevención to set up testing centres around Barcelona. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.