Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State, on Wednesday, revealed that the nine (9) persons who attacked the former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo have been arrested in Anambra state. Nigerian Tribune had earlier reported that Prof. Soludo was last month attacked by gunmen in his country home, Isuofia, in Aguata Local Government Area, during an interactive session with youths of the community that lead to the killings of three policemen in the process. The governor said that there will be no Correctional facility for the attackers. Obiano disclosed this during the launching of the book, “Seven Years Of Governor Willie Obiano Administration,” held at the Prof Dora Akunyili Women’s Development Centre in Awka. He said what happened last month is unfortunate, but let me tell you, we have restrategized and we are coming out like smoking guns. “The nine people that attacked Prof Soludo are in our net now. We are going to eliminate them. We will go after the” others. “As I speak now, riot police officers have been station across the state to arrest those terrorising the state,” the governor added. In his address during the launch, the co-author of the book and the Managing Director of the Anambra Broadcasting Service (ABS), Dr Uche Nworah, commended the governor for the prompt arrest. He appeals to politicians in the state to play the game with love, noting that whoever emerges as the next governor of the state come November 6, 2021 election is a governor for all Ndi-Anambra. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  We have arrested 9 attackers of Soludo in Anambra  ;  We have arrested 9 attackers of Soludo in Anambra  ;  We have arrested 9 attackers of Soludo in Anambra  ;  We have arrested 9 attackers of Soludo in Anambra. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.