Four men have been arrested by the men of the Ondo State Police Command for allegedly assaulting and stripping a policewoman who was assigned to invite a suspect to the police station. The policewoman, Bosede Ajayi, was said to have been humiliated, manhandled and stripped naked on the order of one Oladele Samuel, who is the leader of a notorious gang in the area. The four suspects include; Oladele Samuel, Sunday Babalola, Adesina Isaac and Olawale Bukola, descended on the police officer for daring to come to effect the arrest of one of the gang member. The state commissioner of police, Bolaji Salami, who disclosed the development while parading the suspects said the policewoman was badly humiliated, manhandled and stripped naked on the order of Oladele, the gang leader. He said Inspector Ajayi was part of the team of Policemen from the state Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department deployed to invite a suspect in connection with a case of malicious damage and threat to life. He explained that the officer and other members of the team were attacked by the hoodlums while the cloth of the policewoman was torn and seriously beaten, losing the sum of N80,000 in the process. He said, “On April 20, 2021, at about 1000hrs, a team of Policemen from State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department was sent to invite a suspect in respect of a case of malicious damage and threat to life. “On getting to the scene, the Police team was attacked by some hoodlums, and Inspector Ajayi Bosede was badly humiliated, manhandled and stripped naked on the order of one Oladele Samuel, the gang leader. “Oladele Samuel practically inflicted injuries on the said policewoman and promised to kill anyone who dares him. “The Woman Inspector Ajayi Bosede in the process lost her warrant card, a bunch of keys and a wallet containing ₦80,000.00 cash.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Four arrested in Ondo over assault on policewoman SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.