Governor Umar Ganduje has inaugurated 704 police constables in Kano State after their graduation from the Kaduna Police Training School to further improve security in the state. At the inauguration ceremony held at the Kano Pillars Stadium, Sabon Gari-Kano, the governor promised to get a total of 4,400 constables in an effort to sustain a peaceful atmosphere in Kano. Ganduje said: “This administration has set up committees at village, community, ward and local government headed by emirs of respective emirates and a state committee headed by the secretary to the state government, to strengthen state policing in Kano.” He commended the teeming masses of the state for their collective efforts in ensuring that peaceful co-existence continue to prevail in the state. He added that “it is this singular effort that has made the state the most preferred state in the country as many people from other states are relocating to the state to reside and do business.” While speaking on the occasion, Kano State Commissioner of Police, represented by the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Sule Balarabe, said the development was apt and called on the state government to sustain its tempo in the development of state policing. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.