In its determination and commitment to rid the state of all activities of recalcitrant bandits, the Zamfara State Command has succeeded in repelling bandits attack, recovered rifle, ammunition and rescued 11 kidnapped victims in the state. In a statement issued on Saturday by the command public relations officer, SP Mohammed Shehu said the police under the leadership of CP Abutu Yaro revealed that the attack was repelled at Yarkala village in Rawayya District, Bungudu Local Government Area by suspected armed bandits in the state. “On 8th April 2021, police operatives attached to Operation Puff Adder deployed to Rawayya-Yarkala axis were alerted about the presence of a large number of armed bandits who were moving to YARKALA village on an attack mission.” He disclosed that police on receiving the distress call, operatives quickly mobilised and dislodged the bandits, as a result, some of the bandits fled back to the forest with possible gunshot wounds. “In the course of mopping up the scene, an AK-47 rifle with breech no.1983NI2328 and a Magazine containing 10 rounds of live ammunition belonging to one of the fleeing bandits was recovered and is now in Police custody.” According to him, on 9th April 2021, the Zamfara State Police Command in collaboration with the ministry for Security and Home Affairs have also secured the unconditional release of eleven (11) kidnapped victims abducted by a group of kidnappers and taken to a forest near Gobirawan Chali in Maru Local Government Area. “Ten (10) out of the eleven (11) kidnapped victims are natives of Kyakyaka, Tungar Haki and Gidan Ango villages of Gusau LGA, while the other victim is from Kaduna State respectively.” He said the release of the kidnapped victims was part of the ongoing peace process enunciated by Governor Bello Matawalle. “All the rescued victims have been debriefed by the police and later handed over to the Commissioner for Security and Home Affairs who will reunite them with their families.” He maintained that an investigation regarding the abduction of the victims has commenced and the outcome will be made public. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Zamfara police repel bandits  Zamfara police repel bandits Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Zamfara police repel bandits  Zamfara police repel bandits SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.