National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies (NANTA) has flagged off its first pilot housing scheme of 500 units, comprising of two and three bedroom terrace and three bedroom detached categories for its members. The first instance of this strategic and futuristic welfare scheme under NANTA cooperative society, nursed to fruition by the Abuja zone of the association, will be powered by Brains and Hammers, a reputable estate development firm, currently handling the massive five thousand housing scheme at Kubwa City Estate. The NANTA Exclusive Estate will be carved out of the Kubwa City development scheme and would reflect the taste and expectations of travel trade operators, their friends and family members who may want to be part of the initiative. There is an open window for mortgage housing loan from Federal Mortgage Bank for those who may wish to draw on the loan options to speed up development of their choice property. The President, NANTA, Mrs Susan Akporiaye, disclosed that the initiative is the brainchild of the Abuja Zonal vice president, Mr Kayode Adeshola, adding that the national body would pass information to all NANTA members across the country. “We got here today because of the creativity and thoughtfulness of Mr Kayode Adeshola and we the executives will run with the idea for the future benefits of our members” she explained, while sharing the project ideas virtually with NANTA members on Tuesday. Lanre Ogunyemi from Brains and Hammers noted that the organisation is one of the few reputable giant players in the estate development economy in Nigeria, adding that the firm had a good working relationship with Federal Mortgage Bank. “We shall deploy our years of experience to handle the NANTA housing scheme and we are also open to individuals who may be interested in any of our property,” Mr Ogunyemi stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…NANTA flags off housing  NANTA flags off housing Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…NANTA flags off housing  NANTA flags off housing SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.