Sonia Omon-Obehi Ovuehor, founder and CEO of SoNaira Business World, her growing conglomerate with focus on skincare products, fashion, real estate and logistics, amongst others has revealed some success tips for businesses in Nigeria. Speaking to the Nigerian Tribune recently, she said, “Successful businesses are not products of wishful thinking or blind faith, but are built on a foundation of hard work, experience and education”. Ovuehor has a track record that includes an internship at AfriHUB, an ICT company, and after-graduation work experience at a telecommunication firm and beauty company respectively. According to her, this work experience was instrumental to the founding of her enterprise, SoNaira Business World in 2015. Her quest for functional business knowledge took her to Pan African Institute for Entrepreneurship and Community Development, a decision justified by the reward thereafter, as Ovuehor and Sonaira Business World became award-winning entities, with a slew of awards including Award for Excellence and Innovation by the Pan African Institute in (2014), Smart Woman Nigeria Network’s Award for Excellence (2013 and 2019) and Monnel Brand Agency’s award to fashion and beauty entrepreneurs (2020). “I first started business a little over a decade ago when as an undergraduate student I was selling cosmetics, bags, shoes and thrift clothes,” Sonia Omon-Obehi Ovuehor disclosed in a recent interview. The small business she founded in 2015 has since blossomed into a well-known brand. Ovuehor claimed she is not surprised that Sonaira Business World is growing into a successful brand. “We did not rush into the marketplace. I took time to build the brand on good philosophy and sound business principles gleaned from my years of business education and hands-on experience,” she said. She added, “Sonaira Business World is not an overnight success. The business is built on years of hard work, sweat, experience and integrity.”  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.