Gunmen on Wednesday disrupted an interactive session between Isuofia youths and a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and aspirant of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA), in the November 6 governorship election, Professor Chukwuma Soludo at the town’s civic centre. Tribune Online learnt that three policemen were reportedly shot dead during the evening attack and many other supporters missing. The National Secretary of All Soludo support groups and the Convener of Youths Earnestly Seek Soludo (YEES), Dr. Nelson Obinna Omenugha, who confirmed the attacks in a telephone interview with Nigerian Tribune, said “Yes, there is a serious stampede now in Afuzo area of Isuofia which is in Aguata LGA of Anambra State.” Omenugha said three of Soludo’s security details were killed during the attack. He also said the state’s Commissioner for Public Utilities, Engineer Emeka Ezenwanne, was also abducted by the hoodlums. Omenugha condoled with the families of the victims for the loss, just as he asked God to grant them eternal rest. Soludo, who is from Isuofia, and a leading aspirant in the forthcoming governorship election, is said to be safe. However, as of the time of filing this report, his whereabouts remain unknown. When contacted, the state’s Commissioner of Police, Sunday Kuryas, while confirming the attack on Soludo to Channels Television, explained that the details were still sketchy. He said reports from his officers in the area indicated that some gunmen stormed Isuofia town hall when Professor Soludo was having a meeting with youths of the community YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Three Policemen feared dead  Three Policemen feared dead Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Three Policemen feared dead  Three Policemen feared dead SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.