In line with commencement of the Ajaokuta–Kaduna–Kano (AKK)  gas project, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has delivered 96 pipes by rail to Itakpe. The Corporation made the announcement via its official Twitter handle at the weekend. It said the mode of transportation was less costly, safer, and faster. “We congratulate our team on the arrival at 10.25pm 8hi.4.2021 of AKK gas project line pipes by rail from Warri to Itakpe.  It was less costly andf had faster delivery time; was safer, protecting our roads and more.  The infrastructure revolution is paying up. “A major boost in the delivery of AKK gas project as NRC train finally commenced epoch-making haulage of line pipes from Warri to Itakpe. This locomotive, which began journey at 11.05 am on April 8, 2021, carried 96 pipes at once, an equivalent of 32 trailers on the road,” It wrote. Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano (AKK) Gas Pipeline project was flagged off in July, 2020, by President Muhammadu Buhari. The project is being executed in three phases. The first phase covers a distance of 200 kilometers between Ajaokuta and Abuja, while the second and the third phases cover a distance of 193 kilometers and 221 kilometers, from Abuja to Kaduna, and from Kaduna to Kano, respectively. The project is said to be the single biggest gas pipeline project in the West African country’s history and expected to transport approximately 3.5 billion cubic feet of gas per day from Delta to power plants across the south and extend to the North. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.