The police in Lagos State have confirmed that popular Nollywood actor, Olanrewaju James, popularly known as Baba Ijesa, is under investigations for the defilement of a minor. The actor, who has been in police detention was accused of defiling a 14-year-old girl and that he started the act since the victim was only seven years old. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, confirmed the arrest to Tribune Online in a statement, signed by him, on Thursday. Adejobi said: “The Lagos State Police Command has arrested one Olarenwaju James ‘m’ 48, aka Baba Ijesha, popular Nollywood actor for defiling a minor.” The police image maker also said: “The case of defilement was reported on April 19, 2021, by one Princess Adekola Adekanya ‘f’ at Sabo Police Station and transferred to the Gender Unit of the State CID, Panti, Yaba Lagos for proper investigation.” “Based on preliminary findings, the suspect started sexually assaulting the victim, 14 years, since she was 7 years old.” He also added that “the suspect confessed to the crime and was also captured by a CCTV camera in the house of the complainant.” The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has ordered for proper investigation as he promised to do justice in the matter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week…Nollywood actor, Baba Ijesa, arrested for allegedly defiling 14-year-old girl for seven years Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Nollywood actor, Baba Ijesa, arrested for allegedly defiling 14-year-old girl for seven years SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.