The Vice-Chancellor, Ekiti State University (EKSU), Ado-Ekiti, Prof Edward Olanipekun, has commended the Federal Government for initiating the Needs Assessment Funds in the universities, saying it has helped in battling infrastructural deficit in the country’s Ivory towers. The Vice-Chancellor said this in Ado-Ekiti, on Saturday, while receiving the Federal Ministry of Education’s Needs Assessment Project Monitoring Committee in his office. Olanipekun described the fund as a product of struggles and relentless battles fought by various unions in the universities, which he said brought about NEEDS intervention. He said: “Let me emphasise that without these struggles, Nigerian Universities would have been nothing to write home about in terms of facilities. “I commend the efforts of the unions as they were trying to see that University challenges were being tackled headlong. “With good Infrastructures that meet the global standard, Nigerian universities ranking will go up on webometrics and our graduates will become respected and employable anywhere across the globe.” Also speaking on the significance of the Fund, the chairman, Needs Assessment Project Monitoring Committee, Mr Mohammed Aruna, said his team was in Ekiti State to monitor how the disbursed funds from the Federal Ministry of Education to institutions were expended. Aruna said ascertaining whether the funds were being judiciously utilized and projects being executed to specifications were necessary to prevent the kernel of the initiative to be defeated by corruption. Aruna, who is also the National Chairman, Senior Staff Association of Nigerian University (SAANU), appreciated the vice chancellor for being dogged in the prosecution of several developmental activities in EKSU. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week…FG’s assessment funds saving varsities from infrastructure deficit ― EKSU VC FG’s assessment funds saving varsities from infrastructure deficit ― EKSU VC SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.