The Lagos State Government has reiterated its zero tolerance to all forms of sexual and gender based violence in ensuring justice for survivors. This followed Nigerians outcry over the proposed administrative bail by the police for Nollywood actor, Olarenwaju Omiyinka popularly known as Baba Ijesha. The state government disclosed this in a statement by its Domestic and Sexual Violence Response Team, DSVRT, an agency under the Ministry of Justice. It assured residents of actively following up on the Baba Ijesha’s case. According to the statement, the DSVRT has a direct contact with the complainant with a view to providing the necessary support. The state also confirmed that the duplicate case file has been forwarded to the Directorate of Public Prosecution, DPP, for legal advice. “For avoidance of doubt, the following allegations are being considered: (1) Sexual Assault by Penetration Section 261 of the Criminal law of Lagos State, 2015 punishable by Life Imprisonments (2) Attempted Sexual Assault by Penetration: Section 262 of the Criminal law, punishable by 14years imprisonment. (3) Sexual Assault: Section 263 of the Criminal Law, punishable by 3years imprisonment (4) Indecent treatment of a child: Section 135 of the Criminal Law punishable by 7years imprisonment “We have absolute confidence in the criminal justice system, as well as social support structures in Lagos State in ensuring justice is served in this matter and most importantly, the survivor receives the relevant support on her journey towards healing.” DSVRT emphasized. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Lagos reiterates zero tolerance to child molestation  ;  Lagos reiterates zero tolerance to child molestation  ;  Lagos reiterates zero tolerance to child molestation  ;  Lagos reiterates zero tolerance to child molestation. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.