A three-man gang of gunmen on Sunday attacked a police station at Ekori, Yakurr Local Government Area of Cross River State and snatched an AK-47 rifle from a lone policeman on guard duty. Tribune Online gathered that the gunmen attacked the unsuspecting policeman, who was said to be on guard duty at the gate of the police station and hit him on the head with a hard object, demobilised him and then dispossessed him of the AK-47 rifle he was holding. Thereafter, the gunmen were said to have fled the scene of the attack without entering the station, an indication, the Tribune Online source said, was “a clear demonstration that their target was the policeman’s AK-47 rifle and nothing more.” Carted away alongside the rifle were some unspecified rounds of ammunition contained in the magazines attached to the stolen AK-47. The source added that while the Ekori Police station had been temporarily closed, the policeman whose gun was taken away had been arrested and detained at Ugep Divisional Police Station. Other policemen on duty at Ekori Police Station when the incident occurred were said to have also been asked to report at Ugep Divisional Police Station. Efforts to reach the Cross River State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer, Irene Ugbo, did not yield any positive result as she neither answered the calls on her mobile phone nor returned the unanswered calls as of the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Gunmen snatch AK-47 from policeman at police station in Cross River SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.