PASSENGERS traveling on international routes through  Malam Aminu Kano International Airport  (MAKIA) are lamenting the shortage  of foreign airlines operating into the airport. This is just as the abandonment of the airport has forced business activities to be grounded due to low patronage of passengers while some commercial banks operating there have equally shut down. Presently, only Ethopian airline has since resumed full operations while other airlines earlier operating there are said to have abandoned the airport  and shifted base to either Abuja or Lagos airports even after the recent reopening of the airport for international operations. Prior to the outbreak of Coronavirus, foreign carriers flying into Kano airport included; Ethiopian, Egypt Air, Saudi Air and Badr airline. Information gathered has however, revealed that since the reopening of the airport to international flights by the federal government on April 6th, 2021, only Ethiopian airline has since resumed flights with others yet to return. Many Kano-based passengers and its environs willing to travel out of the country through the Kano airport have been faced with the challenges of having to travel by road to Abuja or Lagos to connect with other foreign carriers to reach their desired destinations. Speaking with the Nigerian Tribune, one of the affected passengers, Alhaji Usman Balla said:  “I  usually travel to Abuja by road to book for flight to China, as we all know, one can be kidnapped along the road and also to travel by air will also cost another expenses to be incurred For Mr John Jacob, another passenger,  he had to travel to Abuja and lodged in a hotel to catch an international flight the following day, since traveling by road from Kano will take about six to eight hours, a situation that often poses threat to his life. Commenting on the development, a travel agent, Alhaji Mohammed Askira  while describing the situation as worrisome, lamented how many of his colleagues are running at a loss due to low patronage from customers. Overwhelmed by the challenges, passengers on the Kano route are appealing to the Federal Government to prevail on the foreign carriers to recommence operations into the Northern city.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.