The Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) has said the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) is a basic requirement for admission into the academy. A statement by Major Bashir Jajira, the NDA Public Relations Officer, on Saturday in Kaduna, said the attention of the academy had been drawn to fake news speculating the suspension of UTME for the incoming members of 73 Regular Course. “The academy wishes to inform the general public that UTME is one of the basic requirements for entry into the academy. “All interested applicants into the academy must have passed the UTME and attained an acceptable minimum national standard as determined by JAMB annual policy meeting before gaining entry into the 73 Regular Course. “The general public is advised to disregard any information circulating on the social media purporting the suspension of JAMB for 73 Regular Course. “The information, which is false, has no link with the NDA and is capable of disqualifying interested applicants from gaining entry into the academy. “The academy wishes to reiterate that all activities relating to admissions into the NDA are duly publicised on its official website: www.nda.edu.ng and in some national dailies. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…admission into NDA  admission into NDA Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…admission into NDA  admission into NDA SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.