Zamfara State Governor, Bello Mohammed Matawalle, has congratulated the newly appointed Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, on his new assignment tasking him to give attention to the state in view of the security challenges facing the state and the country at large. In a statement issued by the Director-General Media and Publicity, Yusuf Idris Gusau, on Tuesday, noted that his appointment was no doubt an investment in the right direction. “It will inject new life, innovation and focus in the Nigerian Police especially at these trying times of different forms of security challenges,” he stressed. “We are sure that President Muhammadu Buhari and the federal government have high regards and confidence in the new appointee to effectively pilot the affairs of the Nigerian police and wish him success in the tasks ahead,” the governor noted. Similarly, he saluted the efforts of the outgone IGP Ibrahim Adamu who has put in his best while as the IGP in fighting criminality throughout the nation. The governor wishes to particularly express his appreciation for the support given to the state by the former IGP through his quick response to the governor’s requests in the fight against armed bandits, cattle rustlers, kidnappers and other heinous crimes in Zamfara especially via the deployment of various units of police special forces which have decimated criminality in the state. Matawallen Maradun wishes the former IGP the best in his future endeavours and prays that the state will enjoy a quick response when the need arises in Zamfara from IGP Usman Alkali Baba, the statement declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Matawalle congratulates new IGP, urges him to give more attention to Zamfara Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Matawalle congratulates new IGP, urges him to give more attention to Zamfara SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.