Osun State governor, Mr. Adegboyega Oyetola has commiserated with Pan Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, over the demise of its spokesperson, Mr. Yinka Odumakin. The governor in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail Omipidan, also condoled the wife of the deceased, Dr. Joe Odumakin, his children and the entire family. Oyetola who described Odumakin’s death as a great loss to Yorubaland and the nation at large, said, his contributions to the enthronement and growth of democracy in Nigeria would not be forgotten. “The late activist was an advocate of justice, fairness, good governance and a better Nigeria. On behalf of the Government and good people of the State of Osun, I commiserate with the Afenifere Group over the demise of Mr. Yinka Odumakin. I also condole his wife, Dr. Joe, his children and the entire Odumakin family over this tragic occurrence. “The death of Mr Yinka Odumakin is a great loss to Yorubaland and Nigeria as a whole. His contributions to the enthronement and growth of democracy in the country will never be forgotten. “It is my prayer that God Almighty will comfort his family and loved ones and grant his soul eternal rest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Oyetola commiserates with Afenifere  Oyetola commiserates with Afenifere Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Oyetola commiserates with Afenifere  Oyetola commiserates with Afenifere SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!