The Management of Ethiopian Airlines assures passengers in the North and the South of Nigeria of its planned return to Enugu and Kano Airports once the new terminals are officially declared open for operations. Recently, Ethiopian Airlines operated a special flight to Malam Aminu Kano International Airport as part of the gradual process of reopening the Airport. Ethiopian Airlines is the only international airline that operates to Akanu Ibiam International Airport Enugu since it was gazetted as an International Airport. It is also one of the airlines that operate into MAKIA in Kano. Ethiopian has been operating in Nigeria since 1960 and has stayed with Nigeria during good and difficult times. When the Abuja Airport was closed for repairs ET was the only international airline that flew to the alternative airport in Kaduna. Ethiopian Airlines is eager to provide our passengers with our traditional world-class service in the most technically advanced aircraft in the world. Ethiopian is the first airline to bring the B787 Dreamliner to all four airports in Nigeria. It was also the first to bring the Airbus A350 to Nigeria. Before the COVID-19 lockdown Ethiopian Airlines operated to four airports in Nigeria. Since the gradual re-opening of the Airspace in Nigeria only Lagos and Abuja airports were allowed for international flights. With the completion of the new airport terminals and further improvements in COVID-19 situation in Nigeria, the Federal Government has announced a phased Reopening of Kano, Enugu and Port Harcourt Airports for International flights. Ethiopian Airlines will soon announce Schedules for flight operations to Enugu and Kano. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Ethiopian Airlines to restart  Ethiopian Airlines to restart Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Ethiopian Airlines to restart  Ethiopian Airlines to restart SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.