The leadership of the Conference of Speakers of State Legislatures of Nigeria has met with Governors, Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari and presidential technical committee on the implementation of the autonomy of state legislatures and the judiciary to finalize modalities for the implementation of financial autonomy to states legislature and judiciary, at the Presidential Villa on Thursday. Speaking after the meeting, the Chairman of the Conference, Abubakar Y Suleiman explained that remarkable progress is made on the implementation modalities. According to him, during the meeting, the report of the technical committee for the implementation set up by the presidency was presented adding that the Speakers Conference and the Governors Forum will study the report and meet again with the presidency on Monday to finalize. The Chairman therefore urged the striking staff of states legislature and judiciary to consider the untiring efforts they are making to resolve the issues and suspend their indefinite strike. He assured the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) and Judicial Staff Union of Nigeria (JUSUN) they are trying hard to ensure hitches free implementation modalities and next week’s meeting will be remarkable one as contained in a statement by Abdul Ahmad Burra Spokesperson to the Speaker, Bauchi State House of Assembly. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Assembly speakers meet governors  Assembly speakers meet governors Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Assembly speakers meet governors  Assembly speakers meet governors SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.