A female student of the Osun State College of Health Technology, Ilesa, identified as Rukayat Bayonde who was abducted three days ago at Olomilagbala Area of the town, has been rescued by the state police command. The Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs Yemisi Opalola, who made this known in a statement in Osogbo on Thursday, stated that she was kidnapped by five gunmen. According to her, “Upon a distress call that the victim was abducted, the Commissioner of Police, CP Olawale Olokode, drafted a combined team of police Tactical Unit, JTF and other security outfits on a rescue mission of the abducted girl. The abductors numbering about five invaded the quarters of the student and took her to the bush.” Opalola said, “The security operatives on an unrelenting rescue operation for the victim, followed suit into the bush to do a thorough combing; and at about 0525 hours of same day, 20th April 2021, within the space of three hours police and local security men rescued her unhurt.” She further stated that the commissioner of police has urged members of the public to be vigilant, support, cooperate, and collaborate with the police in the fight against all forms of criminality. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.