Again, Fulani militia attacked four different villages in Gwer-West local government area in the early hours of Friday and killed five persons in the process. Three others including a pregnant woman were reportedly injured in the separate attacks on communities in Gwer-West local government area of Benue State. The latest attack is coming after seven people were reportedly killed by suspected herdsmen at IDP camp at Abegana near Makurdi early hours of Tuesday. In another attack the same Tuesday, a couple was killed while returning from a farm in the Guma local government area of the state. It was learned that some of the armed herdsmen were said to have escaped with gunshot wounds after troops of Operation Whirl Stroke (OPWS) trailed them to the Benue Nasarawa border and engaged them in a gun duel. It was gathered from natives that herdsmen first invaded Ahume Village along Makurdi/Naka Road but were dislodged by the troops who then stationed at the village to ward off a possible attack by the invaders. One of the natives who identified himself as Fidelis said while the troops were patrolling Ahume community, the herdsmen went further to Tse-Nyarei Village and started shooting in all direction killing five people and injuring others including a pregnant woman. The native said that the five dead bodies have so far been recovered by security agencies, while three others including a pregnant woman were rescued alive with severe gunshot injuries even as many were said to still be missing. Fidelis said that the dead bodies have been evacuated while the wounded were also taken to the hospital for treatment. “Last night there was a distress call that herdsmen attacked Ahume village along Makurdi-Naka road. As troops stationed in Kula village were alerted, the bandits ran to another village Tse Nyarei where they killed three people. “Many others were injured. The soldiers followed and met the bandits at the river bank on the border between Benue and Nasarawa States where they exchanged fire with them. They however crossed the river and escaped into Nasarawa State.” Aver said there was a fierce battle as the troops who trailed the attackers towards the Benue Nasarawa border exchanged fire with them killing some of their cattle adding that some of the Herdsmen may have escaped with gunshot wounds. “It is our belief that some of the Herdsmen escaped into Nasarawa State with gunshot wounds because of the fierceness of the sounds of the gunshots.” When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Catherine Anene said she was yet to receive the report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…suspected herdsmen kill five  suspected herdsmen kill five Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…suspected herdsmen kill five c suspected herdsmen kill five SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.