Any candidate who sit for the West African Senior School Certificate Examinations(WASSCE) being conducted by the West African Examinations Council(WAEC) and found culpable of malpractice and his or her results either in whole or part is cancelled because of that will only be given a year window to challenge WAEC for such cancellation. By this development, WAEC will no longer entertain any appeal on results cancellation based on malpractice from any candidate in both school-based and private diets of its exams after one year the results had been officially released. The Nigeria Examinations Committee of WAEC, which is the highest decision-making organ for the organisation on exam-related matters in Nigeria, made the decision at its 71st meeting held in Lagos between Tuesday, 27th and Wednesday, 28th. NEC with Federal Government nominee as chairman comprises four representatives each, from the state ministries of education and the Department of Education of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), All Confederation of principals of secondary schools( ANCOPSS) and the universities; the Registrar to Council; the Head of the Nigeria National Office; Head of Test Development Division and Head of Test Administration Division of the Council. The acting Head of Public Affairs unit of WAEC Nigeria, Mr Demianus Ojijeogu, gave this hint in a statement made available to newsmen on Friday. According to him, the decision has taken immediate effect and covers all the previous cases. He said part of NEC decisions on this matter was that WAEC would no longer keep exhibits of established malpractice against candidates again beyond one year as it would dispose off those documents thereafter. He pointed out that this policy is applicable to old cases except there is or are pending court litigations in that regard. Mr Ojijeogu, who also said NEC was frown at schools, teachers and exam officials who aid malpractice at their centres, disclosed that those who indulged in the practice during the last year’s school-based exam, the second series for the private candidates for the same year and that of this year, which results were recently released and cases against them been established would be reported to the ministries of education of their respective states for appropriate sanctions. He, however, said on the part of WAEC, schools found in such practice would be derecognised and would not present candidates for future exams for a certain number of years which he did not state. He said all the affected candidates, teachers and schools would also be duly informed of the various NEC decisions as applicable. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…WAEC tells candidates  WAEC tells candidates Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…WAEC tells candidates WAEC tells candidates SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.