The National Chairman of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Dr. Olu Agunloye, has charged the newly inaugurated Caretaker Committee in Oyo State to establish vibrant structured networks across the state within the next 90 days.  Agunloye who made this called during the inauguration of the caretaker committee at the KS Motel, Total Garden, Ibadan, Oyo State, also urged them to take their assignments with all seriousness saying the National Working Committee reposed much confidence in them.  The chairman who urged the committee to operate an open door policy and to encourage massive recruitment of new members especially youths and women across the state into the party.  He said, “The terms of reference of the Committee are to deploy conflict management mechanisms for reconciliation and development within the state chapter, accomplish reorganisation and streamlining of the party’s operations in accordance with laid out guidelines.  ALSO READ: Transport ministry to tackle flood-prone areas on Lagos-Ibadan rail line  “They are also to open the doors of the party for massive recruitment of progressive members especially youths and women across the state”  He recalled that “the composition of the new Caretaker Committee was formally conveyed to Oyo state in an official letter dated 1 April 2021 by the National Secretary of the Party, Alhaji Shehu Gabam.  “The strategic repositioning of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Oyo state took off very strongly in the first week of April 2021 following series of meetings of stakeholders in the state over the last three months and the approval of the constitution of a 17-man Caretaker Committee by National Working Committee (NWC) by the provisions of Article 12.5.1 (iii) and 15.3 (i) of the 2018 Constitution of the SDP.”  He said the new Caretaker Committee “is expected to hit the ground running in time for the participation of SDP in the forthcoming Local Government election in Oyo state and to ensure major re-organisation of the party.  Speaking after the inauguration, the Chairman of the committee, Chief Olugbenga Curtis, assured that the committee would operate an open and all inclusive policy to bring all the aggrieved factions together in order to win future election in the state.  He promised to co-opt more members so that each Local government in the state would be represented in the Committee for robust inclusiveness.  Other members of the committee inaugurated with Chief Olugbenga Curtis include, Hon Ayankola Ayangbenle as Deputy State Chairman,  Engineer Idowu Owokoya as State Secretary, Alhaji Sulaiman Aleshinloye, Hon Richard Aderinto and Dr. Kabir Daodu.  NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.