Multiplatinum rapper DMX has died at the age of 50 a week after being hospitalized following a heart attack, according to a family statement released Friday, Abc7 Chicago reports. DMX, whose real name is Earl Simmons, had been in “grave condition” in a New York hospital after suffering a heart attack on April 2. DMX made a splash in rap music in 1998 with his first studio album “It’s Dark and Hell is Hot,” which debuted No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart. The multiplatinum-selling album was anchored by several hits including “Ruff Ryders Anthem,” “Get At Me Dog” and “Stop Being Greedy.” The rapper had four other chart-topping albums including “…And Then There Was X,” “Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood,” “The Great Depression” and “Grand Champ.” He has released seven albums and earned three Grammy nominations. His last album, “Undisputed,” was released in 2012. Along with his music career, DMX paved his way as an actor. He starred in the 1998 film “Belly” and appeared in “Romeo Must Die” a couple of years later with Jet Li and the late singer Aaliyah. DMX and Aaliyah teamed up for the film’s soundtrack song “Come Back in One Piece.” The rapper also starred in “Exit Wounds” with Steven Seagal and “Cradle 2 the Grave” with Li. Over the years, DMX has battled with substance abuse. The rapper cancelled a series of shows to check himself into a rehabilitation facility in 2019. In an Instagram post, his team said he apologized for the cancelled shows and thanked his fans for the continued support. Last year, DMX faced off against Snoop Dogg in a Verzuz battle, which drew more than 500,000 viewers. The New York-born rapper has been nominated for multiple Grammy awards, including for the single “Party Up (Up In Here).” His bestselling album, 1999’s “And Then There Was X,” went platinum five times. All told, his albums have gone platinum — sold 1 million units — 14 times and his first five albums all rose to No. 1 on the U.S. charts. He has also been featured in several movies, including “Romeo Must Die” and “Cradle 2 the Grave.” He starred in his own reality television series, “DMX: Soul of a Man,” on BET in 2006. In 2017, he pleaded guilty to tax fraud, in what prosecutors called a “multi-year scheme to conceal millions of dollars” from the IRS. He served one year in prison. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Rapper DMX dies at 50  Rapper DMX dies at 50 Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Rapper DMX dies at 50  Rapper DMX dies at 50 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.