Worried by the influx of commercial sex workers in the state in spite of the full implementation of the Sharia law, the Bauchi State Sharia Commission has declared that it will profile all commercial sex workers in the state so that those from other states will be repatriated to their various states and local governments of origin while those that are from the state will be debriefed, reoriented and married out. The disclosure was made by the Permanent Commissioner II in charge of Hisbah, in the Shariah Commission, Barr Aminu Balarabe Isah, during a pre-Ramadan Sensitisation workshop held at the Bayan Gari area, a suburb of the state metropolis largely harbouring the commercial sex workers. Aminu Balarabe Isa explained that the move will enable the sex workers to get a more decent source of livelihood assuring that before their repatriation, their data would be taken through a headcount by the Commission in order to know how many of them are operating in the state. He further said that the repatriation would be done in collaboration with their various states and local government areas saying that, “We are not here to arrest any of you, rather, to help and repatriate you to your various Local Government Areas and states of origin so that you can engage yourselves in a meaningful and decent life.” The Permanent Commissioner also said that their data would be used to provide economic empowerment for them in order to help them start decent lives adding that seed capital will be provided for them to enable them to be self-reliant. He further stated that some of them who are indigenes of Bauchi State who get suitable spouses will be helped by Hisbah in marrying them off and provide them with all the necessary marital items like bedding, cooking utensils and other items that will make them feel comfortable with their husbands. He said that the recent interview conducted by his office on some of the commercial sex workers has made them realise that some of them are into the indecent trade due to maltreatment from their stepmothers, poverty and illiteracy saying, “We also discovered that others were forced into the act by the activities of their co-wives.” While speaking on behalf of other commercial sex workers who were the participants, Hafsatu Azare, commended Hisbah for organising the workshop which she termed as “educative and beneficial.” She promised that if the government will help them with a better source of livelihood, they would quit the indecent living stressing that majority of them were forced into it by circumstances beyond their control. Hafsatu Azare then stated that their lives are always endangered as a result of what they do which is immoral, ungodly and capable of exposing them to untold hardships and experiences adding that their health is also being endangered. A few of them who spoke privately to our correspondent showed remorse for engaging in the act which has denigrated their feminine status assuring that they are ready to quit for better lives. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week…Bauchi govt to return commercial sex workers to their states Bauchi govt to return commercial sex workers to their states SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.