Wife of the Ogun State governor, Mrs Bamidele Abiodun, has reiterated the need to protect women and the girl-child from abuse. Speaking at the Eighth Triennial Convention of the Mothers’ Union of the Church of the Lord Worldwide, Mrs Abiodun called on religious groups and prominent people in the society to support the cause. Represented by the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Honourable Funmilayo Efuape, Mrs Abiodun urged victims of abuse and violation to speak out for assistance. Also, the guest speaker on the occasion and former speaker, Ogun State House of Assembly, Honourable Titi Oseni-Gomez, lauded women for their important role in the society. According to her, women and the girl-child ought to be honoured and celebrated, not abused. In her own contribution, the National Programme Officer for United Nations on women issues, Mrs Patience Ekeoba, noted that gender violence manifest in different forms. She, therefore, urged the society to rise in unison against it. The Primate of the Church of the Lord Worldwide, His Holiness, Most Reverend (Dr) Rufus Okikiola Ositelu, also admonished the Church, private sector and other religious organisations to rise against gender violence. Meanwhile, the president of the Mothers Union, Spiritual Mother Superior Mary Ositelu, was elated that God has helped the union to build a community of godly women. A new magazine and an endowment fund for the union were also launched. The union was established in December 1999 by Primate Rufus Ositelu, and this year’s convention had the theme: ‘Fearfully and Wonderfully Made’. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.