Following the attack on the residential house of Governor Hope Uzodima of Imo State, Soldiers from 34 Artillery Brigade Obinze, have taken over the entire communities of the two Local Government Areas of Oru East and Oru West in that locality. Sunday Tribune gathered that the soldiers had immediately commenced a comprehensive house-to-house search for those suspected to be involved in the arson. An indigene of the area who could not travel back because of the situation in his community said that his area had become a no-go area because of the presence of heavily armed soldiers in the area. The source who did not want his name in prints added that he was warned not to come back yet until the situation was calm. The current situation had subjected indigenes of the two Local Government Areas to stay indoors permanently for fears of harassment and intimidation. The soldiers, it was further gathered, had engaged in this action to forestall further breakdown of security and bring the tensed atmosphere in the locality to normalcy. Some yet-to-be-identified men had early Saturday attacked the country home of Governor Uzodinma and set it ablaze. Two security personnel were reportedly killed during the attack. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Uzodinma’s house attack update  Uzodinma’s house attack update Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Uzodinma’s house attack update  Uzodinma’s house attack update SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.