The Federal Executive Council (FEC) said on Wednesday that it did not discuss the issue of the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, whose previous preachings allegedly supporting the al-Qaeda, had led to calls for his resignation. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, who briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the council meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja on Wednesday, said the issue was not raised at the meeting. Pantami was one of the ministers who attended the council meeting virtually. Mohammed had been asked whether the council discussed the matter and whether the government was comfortable with its burden on its image. Mohammed responded: “I’m not going to go into the issue of whether government is comfortable or not. I will answer your question directly. It was not discussed at the council meeting.” Pantami, who had been embroiled in controversy over his unearthed comments endorsing both terrorists’ organisations, has, however, announced that he has renounced the views. He said during his daily Ramadan lecture at Annor Mosque in Abuja last Saturday that he now knows better about some of the comments he made in the past. Speaker of the House of Representatives, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila on Wednesday, stepped down a motion sponsored by the Minority Leader, Honourable Ndudi Elumelu, seeking for the sack of Pantami over his admittance of previous support for Al-Qaeda and Taliban. Honourable Elumelu (PDP Delta) who raised a matter of privilege expressed grave concern over the public outcry on the Minister’s support for terrorist groups before his appointment into President Muhammadu Buhari’s cabinet. Worried by the development, the lawmaker specifically demanded the Minister’s resignation or sack. The Minority Leader who cited Order 6(1) said: “My worry is that I’m a serving member of this Chamber and for the past few days, I’ve been inundated with calls from my constituents claiming that if it is right for this House that they’ve always seen talking about insecurity can sit on this floor and tolerate the fact that a serving Minister where there are allegations of him becoming a member of Al-Qaeda or Boko Haram owned up and said he did whatever he did because as at that time because he was a youth. “And he is still serving in this administration. Mr Speaker, I feel that it will be out of place for me to sit here and allow this Chamber not to speak about it and totally call for his resignation or suspension. This is my submission, Mr Speaker.” In his ruling, Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila who observed that the Minority Leader’s observation came under the wrong Order, said: “Thank you Honourable Elumelu. I think he came under the wrong order. “Your point of order is well noted. But you know we don’t debate such issues if it comes under order of privilege, thank you.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FEC mum on Pantami’s alleged previous link to Al-Qaeda, Taliban We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. FEC mum on Pantami’s alleged previous link to Al-Qaeda, Taliban SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.