BRITISH Airways is creating great opportunities for travellers who have plans to spend the summer holiday in the UK. The carrier however stated that travel periods and availability are limited. The airline  is offering exciting discounted fares from Lagos and Abuja to London. While the offers from Lagos and Abuja will start with N295, 000 for Economy Class and N1.386 million for Business Class, the airline announced that travelers who decide to plan late for the summer can still have a refreshed experience. According to the Regional Commercial Manager (Nigeria and Ghana) for British Airways, Mrs. Adetutu Otuyalo, the offer which has already started runs through May 4, 2021 and covers all the way to summer. Otuyalo said: “This offer is for travel to London on selected British Airways flights from Abuja and higher fares will apply for departures from Lagos.  Offer is subject to availability and seats are limited”. This followed the recent change booking fee waiver granted by the carrier to its customers which has been extended for travel to be completed by 30 April 2023. Otuyalo urged Nigerians intending to travel to the United Kingdom from Lagos and Abuja to access up-to-date and compulsory COVID-19,health information and requirements before departing Nigeria. She stated that the advice became necessary as many travelers come to the airport without the necessary requirements thereby causing unnecessary flight delays. Her words: “It is mind boggling to see that so many people still come to the airport without the requirements. Nigeria is not on the red list but there are important protocols they need to follow and COVID-19 test and documentations passengers need to get before they can travel to the UK. “The United Kingdom is taking steps to help stop the spread of COVID-19 by asking all persons (including UK nationals and residents) arriving in the UK to provide proof of a negative COVID-19 test taken within three days of departure to the UK. “To protect your health and others’, the country asks that everyone must complete an online passenger locator form before arrival in the United Kingdom while all arrivals must quarantine. If you have travelled through a red list country in the last 10 days you must have a valid Managed Quarantine Facility (UK government approved) booked prior to departure. “Those coming from countries not on the red list quarantine in their own accommodation. Everyone is required to take a coronavirus test on days two and eight of their quarantine. Intending travelers to the UK must have this booked prior to departure.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.