President Muhammadu Buhari has strongly condemned the killing of three of the students kidnapped at Greenfield University, Kaduna State. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Saturday said the president described the students as bright youngsters who were cut down by evil people in their prime. “My thoughts are with their families in this time of grief. May their souls rest in peace,” the statement quoted the president as saying. On the recurring incidents of kidnappings and killings in Kaduna State, in particular, the President condemned them as “barbaric terror attacks,” and described as “unfortunate the tenor of some political and religious leaders that seem to further incite and stoke the pain and anguish of mourning families who are forced to confront these atrocities. Addressing this scourge, requires a great show of empathy and coming together as a society to squarely confront these elements and the danger it poses to our democracy and peaceful life in the country.” The statement said Buhari gave strong assurances that those that think that profits can be made, either from money paid as ransom or in politics, “will realize sooner than later that they are bound by the same fate as their victims.” “Banditry, kidnapping, and the politics of murders will be fought with all the resources available to our country,” President Buhari stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Killing of Greenfield varsity  Killing of Greenfield varsity Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Killing of Greenfield varsity  Killing of Greenfield varsity SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.