With top brands in various industries in Nigeria making attempts to offer customer satisfaction with their products and services, Wema Bank Plc has said its customers remain top priority in terms of service delivery and customer satisfaction. In a press statement issued by the bank and signed by Mrs. Funmi Falola, Head, Brands and Communications, the bank said it has consistently pushed the envelope in offering customer satisfaction within and outside of the conventional banking needs. The bank said its alternative channels including the USSD codes and the ALAT digital banking platform are consistently available for customers to make all their payments and subscriptions with ease, stressing that these channels were very helpful for customer during the Covid-19-induced lockdown as customers had no need to visit the banking halls, thereby compromising their health. In furtherance of its commitment to giving the best to its customers, the bank explained it has always strived to identify their needs and provide solutions accordingly. “As the heat of the coronavirus burned intensely last year, and with the implementation of the strict lockdown measures that hindered a lot of Nigerians and by extension some of the bank’s customers from carrying out their regular business activities, Wema Bank rose to the occasion by identifying the economic challenge this would inadvertently pose and offering a solution through Covid-19 palliative distributions within its host communities”, the bank said. It said states that were most affected by the lockdown measures were identified by the bank and communities in such states needing relief funds were particularly attended to. The statement quoted the managing director/chief executive officer of the bank, Mr Ademola Adebise, who spoke on the palliatives distribution, as saying that “Wema Bank is taking responsibility to support the governments of the affected states in the belief that this is a collective fight. We also encourage Nigerians to do their respective bids to win the war against COVID-19.” The bank said its help to its customers is not limited only to distributing relief material sduring the pandemic but extends to providing a digital product (ALAT) that offers quick, easy, and safe way for customers make their bank transfers whilst customers are at home. “Having identified her customers’ safety and health as a major factor that needed addressing, the bank, in coalition with AIICO Insurance launched a health initiative for her female customers which offered them easy-to-access and affordable health plans at a discount. The SARA health scheme enables the bank’s female community, including customers and staff to enjoy premium health services and is available at prices and payment plans that are found to be convenient to them’, the bank explained. With ALAT making Wema one of the best digital banks in Nigeria, the popular retail bank developed a means through which customers could get their NIN with ease. This was in response to the tedious and unsafe way in which members of the masses had had to queue up to have this done physically. In its bid to employ technology to improve service quality, the bank said it hosted its second edition of the hackathon contest – Hackaholics 2.0. in February 2021 which brought business owners from all corners of the country to pitch their products and platforms which offered technological solutions to world problems. According to the statement, the Hackaholics 2.0 was designed to empower business owners to do more and to promote the next set of solutions that will solve major challenges in our current world. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.