Workers’ Day celebrations in Cross River State may not hold as workers are still bickering over the kidnap of their Chairman, Comrade Ben Ukpekpi. Recall that Comrade Ukpekpi, NLC Chairman, was kidnapped over a month ago and has since not been released by the kidnappers. Tribune Online found that the abductors demanded N150million before the chairman would be left off the hook and they have not shifted ground. Our correspondent gathered that workers would assemble at the Freedom Park, on Saturday, and protest over the kidnap of their chairman. Speaking on condition of anonymity, a senior civil servant told our reporters, “There will be no Workers’ Day in Cross River State.” On his part, Chairman, Trade Union Congress (TUC), Comrade Monday Agbodim said, “Workers Day in Cross River State will not hold, but all workers will gather at the Freedom Park along Mary Slessor Avenue to protest the non-release of our chairman, that is the only program for the day.” About the kidnapped chairman, he said “We are in constant touch with him, but the abductors are demanding for N150million and they have not shifted ground. “From day one, they stood at N150million ransom and they still demand that this is the first of its kind that somebody is kidnapped and the kidnappers still maintain that without that amount they will not release the victim, 40 or 45 days after and they are still standing on that amount.” Chairman of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Cross River State Council, Comrade Victor Udu said, also took a swipe at the matter, “The abduction of the NLC Chairman has bothered me for a very long time why it has been difficult for security agencies to secure his release.” “Is it that the security operatives have not done what they ought to do? The people that were kidnapped after him have been released and he has not, just like in the congress yesterday, my appeal is that the security operatives should go an extra mile to ensure that he is released quickly and unhurt. “And people of that statue, people that are in the eyes of the public, who hold such sensitive positions should also be entitled to some protection, they should not be allowed to move as freely as any other citizen,” he noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Workers’ Day: NLC cancels celebrations in Cross River over abduction of chairman Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Workers’ Day: NLC cancels celebrations in Cross River over abduction of chairman SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.