No fewer than four kidnap suspects were, on Friday, arrested from their hideouts by operatives of the Delta State Police Command. The foursome, simply identified as Nwachukwu, 24, Oletu Augustine, 35, Obi Francis, 25, (all of Aradhe Community) and Udumubra Okema, 35, of Owhelogbo Road Ozoro, were arrested in their various hideouts at Aradhe community and Iyeriri Quarters, Ozoro. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, who confirmed the arrest on Friday, said an Infinix phone, car key, daggers and charms were recovered from the hoodlums. Recall that the suspects, who are members of a gang, allegedly abducted one William Aduwoma on March 27, but was rescued by police and vigilante operatives on March 29 after combing the forest of Arhade. Worried by the development, the Commissioner of Police, CP Ali Mohammed Ari, gave a marching order to the Divisional Police Officer, Ozoro Division, CSP Ogedengbe Areguamen, to apprehend the fleeing culprits after mobilising a team of police and local hunters and vigilante to rescue the victim. Meanwhile, DSP Edafe said further efforts were on to arrest other fleeing members of the gang to face the music in line with the IGP Mohammed Adamu’s mandate to reduce crime in the state to the barest minimum. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!