Bandits killed two persons in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State on Monday. Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan, confirmed the killing in a statement issued in Kaduna. “Security agencies have reported that bandits attacked Wawan Rafi II village in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area this morning. “According to the report, two persons were killed in the attack, a man and his seven-year-old son. “Also, seven houses, one car and one motorcycle were burnt,’’ Aruwan stated. He added that security personnel had been mobilised to the area to repel the assailants. Aruwan stated that the personnel recovered eight empty cartridges of 7.62mm ammunition at the scene of the attack. “So far, two corpses have been retrieved. The citizenry will be updated on further developments,’’ he added. (NAN)  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.