The Economic Community Of West African States (ECOWAS) has appointed Solomon Iyere, famous Soltesh Iyere, as Youth Ambassador. The appointment, which was announced in an official letter from the West African Youth Council is in recognition of his laudable antecedents of dedication, hard work, and diligence in the area of service to humanity, value Creation, innovation & Integrity has always been what Iyere stands for. The Recognition by the West Africa ( ECOWAS ) Youth Council solidifies all he stands for and will surely make the young entrepreneur do more. Iyere who is the founder of the celebrity public relations agency, theMedia 360 Company Ltd, in an interview with TribuneOnline said the new recognition could not have come at a better time when he is currently working with youths across many divides to bring about positive change. The event which took place in Summerset Continental in Maitama Abuja engaged key stakeholders including delegates from the ECOWAS youth council, legal practitioners, CSOs, medical personnel among others. Highlights of the event were; the presentation of the Nelson Mandela Leadership Award of Peace Building, diplomatic plate number and ECOWAS identification card. Friends and well-wishers present at the event showered encomium on the life and leadership role of Amb Peacemaker, saying it is an award well deserved. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals have not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Soltesh Iyere becomes ECOWAS youth ambassador SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.