In line with the directive of the Kano State Government to close the Government Technical College, Bagauda, which is a close proximity to the Kano zonal campus of the National Institute for Hospitality and Tourism (NIHOTOUR), on security ground, the management of NIHOTOUR has ordered the immediate closure of the Bagauda Campus of the Institute to avert security threat. In a statement by the Coordinator of the Zonal Campus, Dr Abba Shehu on the order of the Director-General of the Institute, Alhaji Nura Sani Kangiwa, the closure of the campus became imperative in view of security reports that put the Bagauda axis on security danger list of possible attack by insurgents. The directive further ordered students to vacate premises of the campus and also staff of the Institute to stay off the campus in the interest of the protection of lives of the students, staff and all community members of the Institute at Bagauda. However, the Mini Campus of the Institute located at the Civic Centre Road in the Kano metropolis, where the IATA Course Programs are offered will remain operational, and therefore staff and students of the Mini Campus are to go on with their normal academic activities unhindered. While expressIing his displeasure at the decision to close the Bagauda Campus of the Institute, the Director-General, NIHOTOUR said this had become necessary “because we have the responsibility to protect the lives of our staff and students” he noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…NIHOTOUR shuts Bagauda zonal  NIHOTOUR shuts Bagauda zonal Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…NIHOTOUR shuts Bagauda zonal  NIHOTOUR shuts Bagauda zonal SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.