Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Monday, said that he had to present his driver’s licence before being allowed into the venue of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) South-West zonal congress holding in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. Makinde made the disclosure while addressing newsmen on his arrival at the venue of the congress. “Before I was allowed to enter into the venue, I had to show them my driver’s licence,” the governor said, adding: “we know quite sure that there must be ghost voters here.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that the governor arrived at Children’s Development Initiative Foundation (WOCDIF) venue of the congress around 12:13 p.m. According to Makinde, getting it right at the zonal level will assist the party to perform well at national level. He said: “This is a zonal congress and its outcome will have effect on our party at national level. If we get it right in the South-West, be sure that the future is bright for the PDP at national level. “I want to assure you that we will put in our best and it will in turn assist us at national level. ALSO READ: Nigeria exports N41.5bn goods from Lagos port in 2021 Q1 “The message for every participant is very clear, which is getting it right at the zonal level,” he said. Makinde, who noted that the accreditation of delegates started two hours behind schedule, said it was better to start late and get the best result at the end of the day. “The process is going on well despite the fact that accreditation started two hours behind schedule. But, it is better late than to rush through the process and have challenges. NAN also reported that 42 aspirants were cleared by the PDP screening committee on Sunday to contest for the various positions in the zone. The congress will be attended by 743 delegates across the six states in the zone. According to the list released by the PDP National Organising Secretary, Col. Austin Akobundu (rtd.), while Oyo State has 171 delegates, Osun has 130, Lagos, 101; Ogun, 112; Ondo, 114 and Ekiti 115. A former Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Taofeek Arapaja and the immediate past Zonal Chairman of the party, Dr Eddy Olafeso, are contesting for the chairmanship position. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     I was allowed into PDP South-West zonal congress venue after presenting driver’s licence, says Makinde SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.