A teacher, Mrs Farida Muhammad, has approached a Sharia Court sitting in Magajin Gari, Kaduna State seeking divorce. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Farida who resides within Kaduna metropolis, said this was because she could not establish whether her husband, Ahmad, is still alive or dead. “He was on admission in the hospital receiving treatment. He was discharged in August 2020, and has not been heard from since then. “My people have been searching for him since them. We also made announcements in the media and have not heard anything. “He left us with nothing and his salary has been suspended in his place of work.  I am praying the court to terminate our marriage,” Muhammad said. Speaking on behalf of Ahmad, Musa Sango who identified himself as his elder brother, told the court that what the plaintiff told the court was true. “Ahmad is my younger brother and he is nowhere to be found. His ATM card is with his wife and his salary has been stopped which is against the rules of civil service in Kaduna State,” Sango said. The judge, Murtala Nasir after listening to the parties adjourned the case.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.