Naomi Lucas has joined Eyowo, a payment service provider, as its Senior Vice President, Growth. Before joining Eyowo, Naomi served as Chief Executive Officer for Eclat, a creative consulting company helping growth-stage businesses scale sustainably. Reacting to the development, Naomi expressed her pleasure at being given the mandate, platform and backing to drive inclusion and nurture growth for Eyowo’s target clusters. She said she hopes her appointment will encourage other women to explore opportunities in tech. Naomi Lucas’s varied experience over the last 15 years makes her uniquely suited for the role and the task ahead. With a background in Communications, she cut her teeth in the Retail, Integrated Marketing Communications, Creative and Youth Development sectors, driving large scale projects for a long-list of reputable brands. She brings to the table her strategic mind, entrepreneurial spirit, business savvy, exemplary work ethic, fearlessness, values-based leadership, conscientiousness, drive, vast professional network and doggedness in getting results. Naomi is a member of several non-profit boards and serves as a mentor and coach to emerging leaders on the continent. In a cluttered and fragmented space, Naomi’s key priority will be to consolidate on the gains of the Eyowo brand, deepen its reach and impact across key markets and ensure its long-term sustainability.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.