The Inspector-General of Police, Ag. IGP Usman Alkali Baba, on Friday, commenced the overhang of the security architectures in the troubled South-East Region with a view to improving the operational efficiency of the commands and enhance public safety and security This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, a Commissioner of Police, CP. According to the statement, under the new arrangement, the IGP ordered the posting of CP Christopher A. Owolabi as the new Commissioner of Police (CP) in charge of Anambra State Police Command. CP Chris Owolabi takes over from CP Monday Bala Kuryas, who has been redeployed to the Anti-Fraud Section of the Force Headquarters Annex, Lagos. The statement explained that in a similar development the IGP ordered the posting of other strategic and tactical commanders within the zones involving a total of two Deputy Commissioners of Police (DCPs), 14 Assistant Commissioners of Police and other mid-level officers. According to the statement, “the deployment of the new CP is part of the ongoing efforts at re-ordering, overhauling and strengthening the security and policing architecture in Anambra State and other States of the South-East and South-South geo-political zones of the country. “This is ultimately designed to improve the operational efficiency of the commands and enhance public safety and security.” It added that the Police boss charged the new CP to take adequate measures in consolidating and improving on the gains of his predecessor while he should also “rejig the security apparatus of the State, harness the full potential of the command – its workforce, assets and stakeholders – in advancing the collective safety of all citizens.” The IGP equally enjoined the people of South-East and South-South zones to cooperate with the Police and other security agencies to enable them to succeed in the responsibilities of safeguarding them and the commonwealth of the nation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…IGP commences overhauling  IGP commences overhauling Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…IGP commences overhauling  IGP commences overhauling SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.