The Executive Secretary of Anambra State Primary Health Care Development Agency (ASPHCDA), Dr Chioma Ezenyimulu has lamented the shortage of manpower in the Primary Health Care centres across the state. Dr Ezenyimulu disclosed this at a Media Roundtable On Family Planning organised by The Change Initiative (TCI), with the theme, “Improving Access to Family Planning Services among Women of Reproductive Age in Anambra State, held in Awka, over the weekend. She regretted that many health care workers were retiring without being replaced, urging the state government to recruit more workers in the health system. Ezenyimuru, however, refuted underground recruitment exercise rumour in the system but revealed ongoing recruitment of ad-hoc staff for the position of midwives which he said was advertised in the state-owned newspapers. “We’ll never be a party to hiding information. The current recruitment exercise was advertised in today’s National Light for midwives for 60 facilities where midwives are lacking. “We have a 16-man Governing Board. We’re very transparent. But the job is not permanent, it’s ad-hoc, just for the Basic Health Provision Fund.” In his brief remarks, the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala, represented by the Director of Public Health in the State Health Ministry, Dr Uchechukwu Onyejeme, advised couple who want to go for a Family Planning to do that in public health centres, noting that process is free all Public Health Care Centres across the country. Chairman, Anambra State Civil Society Network, Prince Chris Azor, on his part, explained that the security and welfare of the citizens remained the primary responsibility of government. He called for a more collaborative environment between the state government and the private sector, as well as sustained partnership in providing amenities for the citizens. One of the organisers, Mrs Franca Madike, appeal to media organizations to use their platform to help disseminate technically, appropriate and culturally sensitive family planning messages to the public. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Health agency laments shortage  Health agency laments shortage Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Health agency laments shortage  Health agency laments shortage SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.