Members of the Nurses and Midwives Association of Nigeria, Kaduna State chapter, on Thursday embarked on a peaceful protest at the premises of the Ministry of Health over the abduction of two of their female colleagues by bandits. The protesting health workers took their protest to the ministry to register their grievances over the abduction of their colleagues which they said is avoidable if most of the health facilities across the state are secured. According to the chairman of the association, Mr Ishaku Yakubu, most of facilities lacked effective fencing, thereby exposing the workers to danger. According to him, five of their members have so far been kidnapped while over 100 were earlier affected by COVID-19 pandemic in the state as Frontline workers. To this effect, he called on the state government to intensifY efforts in ensuring that the abducted nurses are released in the next 48 hours hours. “We’re not ready to pay any ransom and we want government to secure the release in the next 48 hours or we will withdraw our services,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Nurses protest in Kaduna, give govt 48-hr ultimatum to secure release of abducted colleagues SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.