The screening of contenders for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), South-West positions was on Sunday held amidst tight security in Osogbo, Osun State in preparation for Monday’s congress. At the entrance of the hotel, contenders were frisked from head to toe by security men stationed to maintain law and order during and after the exercise. A combined team of mobile and conventional policemen, including men of the Directorate of the State Security Services were seen around the venue. However, the exercise was conducted without rancour. The two contenders for the chairmanship position of the party in the zone, Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja and Dr Eddy Olafeso were seen exchanging pleasantries while their followers were also seen associating with one another. Speaking with newsmen at end of the exercise on behalf of the committee, its chairman, Senator Dino Melaye affirmed that “Not every aspirant will partake because those who made the required for minimum standard were cleared and those who did not meet the standards will not participate. “Not everyone who wishes to have a clearance certificate got it. I can’t reveal those that did not meet the required standard. There will be a free and fair congress tomorrow as today clearance exercise has given us a sample of what tomorrow will be. “We are one political family. We have a spirit of give and take. I can assure you that meeting will still hold tonight. We expect a peaceful congress tomorrow forget about the propaganda on social media, these are from the APC. “I want to say that the exercise was very peaceful and I am happy with the way the aspirants conducted themselves. We started well and it ended well and it was a very wonderful exercise. Everyone is happy, the atmosphere is very clear and peaceful. We did justice and conducted the exercise with the fear of God. I have a standard and I won’t go below that.” Meanwhile, the exercise which commenced as early as 8.00 am on Sunday came to an end around 3.45 pm. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.