The Presidency has blasted the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Father Ejike Mbaka, for daring to call for the resignation or impeachment of President Muhammadu Buhari over the worsening insecurity in the country, revealing that the priest had requested compensation for supporting the president. This was contained in a statement entitled: “Fr. Mbaka is everything apart from what he claims to be,” issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) on Friday. The statement read: “An outsider distilling the avalanche of verbiage will be surprised that after supporting the president two times to win the Presidency, Father Mbaka has made a complete U-Turn, preposterously asking President Buhari to resign or be impeached. “Here is the point of departure: Father Mbaka asked for a meeting and to the shock of presidential aides, he came accompanied by three contractors. “The President graciously allowed them in and to everyone’s surprise, Father Mbaka asked for contracts as compensation for his support. “Anyone familiar with President Buhari knows that he doesn’t break the laid-down rules in dealing with contracts or any other government business for that matter. “He requested the appropriate authorities to deal with the matter in accordance with laid-down rules. “Inside the Villa, discretion prevailed, that if those pictures and requests were made public, the followers will turn against the religious leader. None of it was released. Now, this is what is eating Father Mbaka.” Recall that Fr. Mbaka had said that God is not happy with President Buhari after he supported him in the run up to the 2015 and 2019 presidential elections. He has now asked the president to resign or be impeached. Speaking at the Adoration Ministry in Enugu, Mbaka said it is wrong for Buhari to “maintain grave silence” despite the widespread killings in the country. “I know people will say, Mbaka did you not pray for Buhari, did Samuel not anoint Saul? What are you talking about? Am I the creator of Buhari? God created him, Nigerians trusted him because he has done well sometime ago but now how can people just be dying? “God will ask Nigerians: Nigerians why are you crying? We are crying because our leaders have failed us woefully. If it is in a civilized country, by now, President Buhari will resign. “Quote me anywhere and let the whole world hear it. By now, with what is happening, President Buhari should honourably resign. “We are crying because we don’t have a shepherd. All those that will fight what I’m saying now will eventually suffer the rot. If you can’t do it, either you resign or you be changed. A good coach cannot watch his team defeated when he has players sitting watching on the bench. Either Buhari resigns by himself or he will be impeached.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Father Mbaka asked for contracts  Father Mbaka asked for contracts Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Father Mbaka asked for contracts  Father Mbaka asked for contracts SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.