ADOPTION of ranching for cattle rearing has been said to be the only solution to the lingering farmers and herders crisis in Nigeria. An expert in animal production and Managing Director of Real People Concept, Mr Tunmise Olagbaju, who stated this while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune recently noted that setting up of ranches across the country could bring lasting solution to the constant face-off between farmers and herders. Olagbaju stated that:”It is very important to set up ranches. For example, we are on twenty acres here on our farm, our animals are settled, there is no fear from our neighbours that our animals would go and feed on their farm produce. “We just see to set a standard that we can raise our animals and have a peaceful coexistence with our neighbours. For example, the dungs from our cattle are given to our neighbours that are growing crops and we also get cassava leaves and peels and all that. “It is actually a synergy that helps our productivity but we need to set up that model. Let us develop ranches, there can be Puplic Private Partnership arrangement on its setting up and after that, people can now see that we can run our cattle production without creating problem, we can run it without being at risk of attack.” He further noted that:”It is not a good business for anyone to raise the animal well during the raining season and during the dry season you treck miles to feed them. It does not make any economic sense. But when we run it on the ranch, we produce our pasture and we can prepare during the time of surplus for the dry season.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.