The Police in Delta State arrested 32-year-old Joshua Oghenenovo and 29-year-old Kingsley Gbeneku for an alleged robbery attempt on a new generation bank in Ughelli. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the Delta State Command, DSP Bright Dafe, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Asaba, the state capital. the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported. He disclosed that the arrest was a major breakthrough by the command, under the watch of the Commissioner of Police, Ari Mohammed, which foiled the attempt to rob the bank. The PPRO said that Oghenenovo was the alleged robbery ring leader, while Gbeneku, a staff member of the bank, was the informant, adding that the suspects had confessed to the crime. He also thanked the general public who had availed the police of information that led to the arrest of the suspects. According to Dafe, the command on Wednesday, based on intelligence, gathered that a robbery syndicate was planning to attack and rob one of the new generation banks in Ughelli. “The commissioner of police directed the Eagle Net Special Squad, headed by SP Usman Dimka, to trace and fish out the criminals. “The commander, Eagle Net squad detailed his patrol team’s leader, DSP Yunusa Danyaya, on a sting operation in one of their hideouts in a hotel in Isiokolo Town, Ethiope East Local Government Area of the state. “This led to the earlier arrest of the ring leader, Oghenenovo of Uduphori town, Patani Local Government Area, who was caught with one pump-action gun and 20 live cartridges. “It was the confessional statement of Oghenenovo that led to the arrest of Gbeneku of Akwuofor Asaba, Oshimili South Local Government Area, a staff member of the new generation bank they were intending to rob. “Gbeneku has confessed to being their informant and had already provided the police with a clue on the modus operandi of the gang,” Dafe said. He said efforts were on to arrest other members of the gang while urging members of the public to avail the police of any useful information that could help to arrest them. He said that the CP had reassured residents of his commitment to reducing crime in the state to the barest minimum by arresting criminals and making them face the full wrath of the law in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.