THE Federal Operations Unit (FOU), Zone C of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has said that in the first quarter of 2021, its officers generated N1.280 billion from seizures from contraband and raised N7.6 million as Demand Notices from cargoes that exited the seaports in the South-South and South-East zones of the country. In a press statement signed recently by the Public Relations Officer, FOU, Zone C, Jerry Attah and a copy made available to newsmen, the Customs Area Controller, Zone C, Compt. Yusuf Lawal said that 5,200 live ammunition cartridges and other contraband worth N1.3 billion were also intercepted in the period under study. According to the CAC, “Following our anti-smuggling drives, between January to March 2021, we have intercepted various contraband within our areas of jurisdiction which covers south-south/southeast zones with a duty paid value of N1.280 billion. “Also, based on our intervention, we recovered the sum of N7.6 million from demand notices raised, making it N1.3 billion within the months under review. “The detained and seized items include 2,976 bags of 50kg, each of foreign parboiled rice, 1,024 cartons of Colcaps medicament without NAFDAC certification, 290 cartons of Foreign Eva Soap, 204 Cartons of Foreign Tomatoes Paste, 130 Jumbo bales of used clothing. “Others are 5,200 live ammunition cartridges, 6 exotic vehicles, one Toyota land cruiser bulletproof 2019 model without End User Certificate from NSA, one Toyota Hilux 2020 model, one Toyota Corolla 2018 model among others.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.