Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), Kaduna branch has said that it lost seven Fulani persons and 850 cattle within five days to a communal clash that occurred last month in the Zangon-Kataf local government area of Kaduna State. They lamented that the killings came on the heels of several peace efforts initiated by concerned stakeholders of Fulani, Hausa and Atyap ethnic groups in Kataf (Atyap) Chiefdom and environs. Addressing a press conference on Thursday, the Director, Media and Publicity of the association, Ibrahim Bayero said there was renewed “wanton killings of innocent Fulani people in Zangon-Kataf LGA and destruction of their property.” Bayero further explained, “there were several attacks on Fulani people and their livestock in Zangon-Kataf LGA’s and surrounding Local Governments in recent weeks. “The association, therefore, views the renewed violence on its members as provocative, mindless, deliberate and criminal acts capable of endangering more chaos to the entire Southern Kaduna. “We commiserate with the families of the deceased and those who lost valuable wealth during the violence. “We hereby condemn the killings and the wanton destruction of the wealth of innocent Fulani persons perpetrated by the Atyap communities in Zangon-Kataf and other surrounding areas. “We demand that perpetrators of violence against our people should be identified, arrested and prosecuted according to the laws of the land. “We call on our members to be calm and law-abiding and not to take laws into their hands and to allow constituted authorities to enforce peace and order. “We call on the leadership of Atyap Chiefdom in particular and the Southern Kaduna in general to caution their subjects from attacking, killing and maiming our members and destroying their hard-earned wealth. “The government should pay adequate compensation for the lives of our members who were killed during the attacks as well as for their wealth that was heartlessly destroyed.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. | SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!