The pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, has cancelled its monthly meeting scheduled to hold today (Tuesday) in Akure, the Ondo State capital, as a mark of respect for its Publicity Secretary, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, who died last Saturday. A member of the group disclosed to Tribune Online that Afenifere is scheduled to meet today to take decisions on an important issues but said the meeting has been cancelled as a mark of respect for Odumakin. According to the source, the leadership of Afenifere was badly hit with the sudden death of its Publicity Secretary who was regarded as one of the engine rooms of the group. However, the group has issued a statement to announce the cancellation of the April meeting of the group. A statement signed by the Assistant General Secretary of the group, Mr. Adeleke Mabinuori, said the meeting for Tuesday had been cancelled. The statement read: “I have been directed by the acting Leader, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, to inform you that the Afenifere meeting scheduled for Tuesday, 6th April, 2021 is cancelled. “This is in honour of the late Afenifere Publicity Secretary, Mr Yinka Odumakin. Please await further directives.” Odumakin, the Afenifere spokesperson, died on Saturday in Lagos. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 1,114 COVID-19 Infections Last Week, Lowest In Four Months In the past two weeks, Nigeria recorded 3,414 new COVID-19 infections, which is the lowest the country has recorded since the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic in December. In the penultimate week, (March 7 – 13), there were 2,300 cases, a reduction when compared to the 2,817 recorded in the previous week’s (February 28 – March 6)…Afenifere cancels monthly meeting in honour of Odumakin Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Afenifere cancels monthly meeting in honour of Odumakin SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.