A member of the House of Representatives representing Bassa/Jo’s North Federal Constituency of Plateau State, Honourable Haruna Maitala and three others on Friday died in fatal motor accident along Abuja-Jos highway. A source close to the family in Jos, Plateau State, revealed that the man left Abuja at about 2:00 p.m. along with some of his aides in anticipation of arriving Jos to prepare for the wedding of his son slated for Saturday by 1:00 p.m. It was further gathered that the incident occurred at Barde close to Keffi in Nasarawa State when the vehicle they were travelling in ran into a pothole and skidded of the road before hitting a tree. Tribune Online learnt that the lawmaker and his son, Jafaru Maitala, who was a student of University of Abuja, died on the spot while a policeman attached to him, Danladi Wase and and driver of the vehicle whose name could not be confirmed later died at Kwoi General hospital. When Tribune Online visited the family house in Jos on Saturday, there was a crowd of sympathisers including his political associates, friends, relations and top government functionaries who thronged the house to commiserate with the family. According to statement signed by the Media Consultant to the deceased, Mr. Joseph Adudu, the federal lawmaker died as a result of fatal car accident on his way to Jos from Abuja. “Until his death, Haruna Maitala was the member representing Jos North/Bassa federal constituency in the National Assembly. He would be buried this morning according to Islamic rites. May God forgive his sins and grants him Aljanna fidau,” said the statement. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…House of Rep member  House of Rep member Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…House of Rep member  House of Rep member SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!