A 13-year-old boy, identified as Gbolahan Ajibola, was kidnapped on Saturday night, in Obada-Oko area of Ogun State. This development is coming up four days after two medical personnel in the service of the state government, Dr. Adetola Oladunni and Mrs Olajide Durojaye, a nurse, were abducted on Abeokuta-Imeko road. The kidnappers of the medical staff were said to have demanded a sum of N20 million ransom to secure their release from captivity. Information had it that the gunmen had laid ambush on the family house of the teenager, and struck at about 9.00 pm, while the family were returning to their house in Destiny Estate in the area The boy was whisked away while he was opening the gate for his mother to drive into their home, after attending a church programme. The victim’s mum and his grandmother were reported to have been beaten blue-black by the kidnappers. Narrating their ordeal, the grandmother, who simply identified herself as Victoria said the incident happened at about 9.30 pm. She said: “The incident occurred around 9.30 pm. We normally come back home every day around 8 pm, but, the General Overseer of our church, Pastor Enoch Adeboye came to one of our churches in Adigbe area and we attended the programme. “Our shop where we were selling goods is very close to the church, we closed from the shop late. Whenever we come back home, it is the boy that usually opens the gate. “When the boy alighted from the vehicle to open the gate, the gunmen came out of the bush in front of our house and pounced on us. “The gunmen entered together with us into the compound of our house, two of them were outside, while four came into the house and pointed their guns at us. They also beat us mercilessly. “One of them who covered his face spoke in Yoruba to us, he was the only person that spoke. They seized the boy’s phone and that of her mother and they took the boy away. “The Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Obada came with his men to the scene of the incident and they have asked us to make an official report of the incident which we have done.” The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Abimbola Oyeyemi confirmed the incident on Sunday. Oyeyemi said: “Yes, it is true, but the information I have with me is still sketchy but I will found more from the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Obada.” Meanwhile, two out of 26 local hunters mobilised to assist other security agencies in securing the release of the medical personnel in the abductors’ den were seriously injured by the kidnappers. It was gathered that the Imeko community had approached the Police to allow local vigilance members to comb the caves under rocks and mountains at Imeko-Afon in Ogun and Meko Forest Reserves where both Ogun and Oyo State shares boundaries. The gunmen were said to have attacked the search party with an AK-47 rifle, leaving two locals injured while 10 motorcycles and two vehicles hired for the operation were set ablaze. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.