Senator Istifanus Gyang representing Plateau North has condemned the latest killing of another 6 persons in Wereng community of Riyom local government area of Plateau State saying the killing was a resurgence of wickedness. The Senator in a statement signed by his Special Assistant Media and Protocol, Musa Ibrahim Ashoms said the pattern of the assailants who have no respect nor regard for the sanctity of human lives has been to lay an ambush, attack and kill unsuspecting citizens going about their lawful quest to earn a living. According to him, Wereng killing was said to have been a massive attack by a large contingent of black attired bandits with red berets who rained gunfire on the village leaving six dead in their trail adding that it was an indication of a standing killer militia of bandits unleashed on the peace-loving people of Plateau North. Senator Gyang, therefore, called on Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), Police and DSS to urgently arrest and checkmate the resurgence of this wickedness and killing of law-abiding citizens in Plateau North. He added that perpetrators of the dastardly acts should be fished out to face justice so that prospective terrorists, bandits and killer herdsmen will be deterred. The Senator urged law-abiding citizens and vulnerable communities to be watchful and prayerful in the face of increasing danger and threats to their lives and livelihood. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Wereng killing  Wereng killing Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Wereng killing  Wereng killing SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.