Unidentified gunmen have killed two soldiers at a military checkpoint located at Timber Junction area in Afikpo North Local Government Area of Ebonyi State and carted away their rifles. The incident happened on Monday night, according to a source, from 8:30 pm to 9 pm. The source in the community, who spoke to Tribune Online on condition of anonymity, said the gunmen arrived at the checkpoint in a white bus and as the military men stopped them for a search, they opened fire on them. According to him, the situation threw the two busy towns of Amasiri and Afikpo into panic, as residents especially petty traders hurriedly packed their goods and went home. “It’s a very sad situation here. They said it was people suspected to be gunmen who came to the checkpoint at Timber Shade (boundary Ehugbo and Amasiri) in a white bus. “As usual, it appeared the military was checking them and all of a sudden, they opened fire on them. Two of the military men, a man and woman, died. Others ran away. “The area is as quiet as the graveyard. These bordering villages used to be very busy and people here are farmers and traders. “But the moment that happened, people started going home. Nobody is seen outside as I speak to you. Every place is calm. There is fear here now. My brother, the world is about to end,” the source said. The military has yet to react at the time of filing this report. Commissioner for Police, Mr Garba Aliyu, did not pick calls and did not respond to a text message on the matter. The spokesperson of the police command, DSP Loveth Odah also failed to respond to queries for comment on the incident. Recall that the soldiers’ attack is coming barely 10 days after three policemen were shot dead by gunmen in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.