No fewer than seventeen people have been killed by suspected herdsmen in separate attacks on Guma local government area of Benue State. The attack which started almost a week ago was said to have been severed between Friday and yesterday leading to the death of 17 persons. Former Speaker of Benue State Assembly, Hon. Dave Iorhemba disclosed this to newsmen on Saturday. Ioremba listed some communities that were attacked in Guma council area to include; Ajimaka, Ayeri and Tse-Gboigyo communities, all in Mbaye/Yandev council ward. The former speaker specifically mentioned a primary school teacher, Hycint Ajum at Isherev in the local government that was butchered last Wednesday. The former speaker said, “In the last couple of weeks, there has been series of attacks in some particular areas like Tse – Ukor where scores were killed and at Tse – Gborigyo where seven people were killed and several others injured and taken to the hospital for treatment. “What is most disturbing was the recent attack that happened at Tse – Uhembe in which a Fulani herdsman butchered a farmer in several places and the said farmer also countered by cutting him and both of them were brought to a military checkpoint. “Just on Wednesday I was at Tyoha village to see those killed and injured and one of the victims was a teacher at the NKST Primary School Isherev, Mr. Hycinth Ajun who had his throat and back of his neck slit. I wonder what that kind of heinous crime meant When asked to be specific of number of casualties recorded between Friday and today (Saturday), the former speaker said “Now the number of persons we have counted between yesterday and today is up to 17 and some are badly injured and are receiving treatment in the hospital. Ioremba who commended troops of OPWS however called on the military authority to ensure the troops are constantly redeployed. “They (troops) should be moved because when they continue to stay in one place they become conversant and used to the people and they certainly cannot act in the way and manner they should, so I would suggest that the federal government should redeploy them; take them to other points. He also commended the State Governor, Samuel Ortom who he said had assisted in the payment of the medical bills of those who were injured. Efforts to get the reaction of the Benue State Police Command were not successful as the spokesperson, DSP, Catherine Anene did not pick her phone when our correspondent put a call to her cellphone. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Suspected herdsmen kill 17  Suspected herdsmen kill 17 Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Suspected herdsmen kill 17  Suspected herdsmen kill 17 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.