FRIESLANDCAMPINA WAMCO Nigeria Plc, has proposed the payment of N6.74 as final dividend to its shareholders for the 2020 financial year. This was disclosed by the company in a notice to the NASD Over-the-Counter (OTC) Securities Exchange, where it trades its securities. The payment will be subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the company scheduled for Thursday, May 6, 2021, the disclosure stated. If the dividend payment is approved at the meeting, Friesland shareholders will be credited on the payment date pegged for the next day, Friday, May 7, 2021. However, the qualification date for the cash reward has been set for Thursday, April 22, 2021. This means those who own the company’s shares as of this date will be eligible to receive the stipulated dividend payment. The notice noted that the closure of the company’s register will be from Friday, April 23 to Thursday, April 29, 2021 (both dates inclusive). At the close of trading at the NASD OTC bourse on Wednesday, the company’s stock closed flat at N130.90 per unit and on Thursday, it also remained unchanged at N130.90 per share. Friesland is an affiliate of Royal FrieslandCampina in the Netherlands. For over 60 years, the company has been providing high-quality dairy products through its brands, Peak, Three Crowns and Friso. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.