Ahead of Saturday’s Isoko North Local Government Area bye-election, the Delta State Police Command has deployed two, 016 personnel including special constabulary to ensure a peaceful exercise. The Commissioner of Police, Delta State, CP Ari Muhammed Ali, in a statement, on Friday, through DSP Bright Edafe, the image-maker of the Command, assured all residents of Isoko North of adequate security. According to him, the deployed officers will man all the polling units and also some speculated flashpoints in the local government area to maintain peace and calm all through the electioneering process. The police boss, therefore, appealed to front runners in this local government bye-election to caution all their supporters and foot-soldiers from causing chaos as such will not be tolerated. He also warned that “no Police aid or security agent will be allowed to escort their principals or any important personality (VIPs) to polling units or on any movement while the bye-election lasts.” CP Ari further warned that any security aid violating the laid down directives would be arrested and made to face the full wrath of the law, adding that they should be professional in their conduct. “Moreso, there will be restriction of movements around Isoko North LGA from Friday 9th April 2021 by 12:00 a.m to Saturday 10th April 2021 by 4:00 p.m,” he added. It will be recalled that the local government election in the Isoko North LGA on March 6, 2021, was halted and postponed indefinitely due to alleged irregularities and violence. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Police deploy 2,016 personnel ahead Saturday Delta LGA byelection Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Police deploy 2,016 personnel ahead Saturday Delta LGA byelection SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.