A pharmacist, Mr Taofik Odukoya, says improving access to every day basic medicines, food items and veterinary needs through organised retail centres has become imperative in the improvement of health and productivity. Mr Odukoya, Chief Executive Officer, Vanguard Pharmacy Limited, who spoke at the opening of the group’s new shopping centre in Abeokuta, to create health benefits for busy individuals to meet their household needs, said shopping and price bargaining is time consuming and a form of mental stress for many Nigerians who have busy schedules. According to him, the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic has increased the need for organised retail centres, where individuals also can quickly walk in or order their daily needs without the fear of being in open markets with a higher risk of getting exposed to infections. Odukoya said organised retail centres, while bringing households need under a single roof, is a veritable way to also create job opportunities as well as generate tax for the government. He declared: “Health is wealth. If they are not healthy, they cannot even think of creating employment, going to work or creating wealth in the nation. Also, shoppers’ wellness perspectives and behaviours are changing. This is playing out in their needs, attractive presentation of goods for easy identification and comfort to purchase.” Earlier, Co-Founder and Executive Director, Vanguard Pharmacy Ltd, Mrs Kawthar Odukoya, said the group is scaling up its outlets to serve its customers even better. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.