GOVERNOR Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has warned against any attempt to shift the date of the South West congress of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from next Saturday, April 10, 2021. He said such a move would be tantamount to“a signal to party loyalists that the hierarchy has been compromised,” a development which he said might lead to “dire consequences.” The governor stated this in a statement wherein he reacted to the decision of the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) to proceed with the zonal congress next weekend. Governor Makindecommended the NWC for deciding to go ahead with the congress. The governor praised the NWC for its decision, stating that he was glad that the NWC “bowed to superior reasoning regarding the congress.” He, however, warned the NWC against allowing divisive elements within the party to “unduly influence party decisions on the national level.” The statement reads in part: “As the only serving PDP governor in the South West and an invested party in the PDP’s growth and development, I commend the National Working Committee (NWC) for the decision to go ahead with the South West Congress. “I am glad that they bowed to superior reasoning regarding the congress. I am also happy that the congress will be held in Ibadan, Oyo State, in line with our party’s constitution and as stipulated in Paragraph 8 (1) (g) of the Guidelines for the Conduct of Ward, LGA, State, Zonal Congresses and National Convention for the purpose of electing party executive committees at all levels which was issued and signed in January 2020. We look forward to hosting other members of the South West PDP come April 10. “However, it has come to my notice that some divisive elements within the party are trying to unduly influence party decisions at the national level. It is shameful that while the peace and reconciliation committee is going about trying to bring the party together, some people are determined to factionalise it. The NWC must not reward these individuals who are working against the party’s overall interests. “I must warn that any attempt to shift the South West congress’s date from April 10 is a signal that the hierarchy has been compromised. Such an action would have dire consequences. For one thing, we will be forced to take all necessary measures to take back our party.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!