Indications have emerged that the General Overseer (GO) of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye may not have been aware of the safety details leading to the grounding of his private chopper by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). This is just as key players in the sector have called on the management of Omni-Blu, the company managing the chopper of the RCCG GO, to clear the air on issues surrounding the grounding of the chopper and the bribery allegations by the spiritual father. NCAA grounded the chopper following the expiration of its operational papers and spare parts. The chopper, AgustaWestland AW139 chopper marked 5N-EAA, was grounded by the NCAA to give room for safety checks to be conducted on it. The NCAA has called for maintenance and safety inspections to be carried out on the said chopper. Until the inspection is conducted, the chopper remains grounded. An attempt by Pastor Adeboye to travel on the said chopper two weeks ago to attend a special meeting with his ordained ministers at the RCCG Region 21 in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital ran into a hitch when the chopper was not cleared by the relevant aviation authorities. Adeboye who eventually flew to Ibadan in another chopper revealed to the gathering why he came late citing how someone unnecessarily delayed him because the person requested a bribe from him before he could fly on his chopper. He reportedly said: “Something must be done about corruption in this nation. All I can say is that I am this late because somebody wanted a bribe. And you know if you are expecting a bribe from me, you have to wait forever.” The bribery allegations have since sparked debates among the key players across the sector. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.