Gunmen suspected to be bandits attacked a popular local market in Shiroro local government area of Niger State on Monday morning, killing five members of the vigilante group while scores of others sustained varying degrees of gunshots injuries. Tribune Online gathered that the attacks occurred at Bassa community within the local government area while commercial activities were going on at the community market. It was further learnt that some communities including Beri, Beri-Kago, Gatawi, Kini, Bmada and other neighbouring villages in Manta District of the local government area were also attacked by the hoodlums. A Co-convener, Concerned Shiroro Youths, Comrade Sani Abubakar Yusuf Kokki, who spoke with our reporter said armed bandits armed with sophisticated weapons engaged soft targets in the local government area. According to Yusuf Koki, “this morning, the bandits laid siege on the communities in large numbers and unleashed terror on the people,” adding that they stormed the rural communities in Gurmana District of Shiroro local government and wreaked havoc on unsuspecting victims. “They were seen from across River Kaduna chasing whosoever was in sight with the view to abduct them. “Kokki, Shekadna, Karibo, Jabuki, Sarkin Zama, Bakin Kogi (Lagbe), Maganda and other adjoining villages all in Gurmana District came under renewed simultaneous attacks this morning. “The attacks being carried out by heartless terrorists who were heavily armed with assorted sophisticated weapons on a number of communities in Shiroro local government area, of Niger State have become stack realities in which inhabitants of the embattled local government which has hitherto become a war-torn area following the ugly experience almost on daily basis.” He further disclosed that about five members of the local Vigilante Corps were allegedly gunned down while their lifeless bodies were said to have been left in pools of blood during the attack. Meanwhile, when our reporter tried to call the image-maker of the State Police Command, DSP Wasiu Abiodun, his telephone lines were not connecting as of the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.