THE United Nations has warned that elevated public debt is limiting the capacity of Nigeria and other developing African countries to boost necessary spending needed to counter devastating effects of Covid-19 pandemic on their economies. This may eventually lead to an escalation of social unrest and political tensions, which could in turn worsen food insecurity, violence, internal displacement and migration pressures. According to the Debt Management Office (DMO), total public debts as of the end of 2020 amounted to N32.9 trillion. Of the figure, the Federal Government owed N26.8 trillion to both domestic and foreign creditors while 34 states and Federal Capital Territory owed N5.9 trillion. Katsina and Rivers states did not submit their figures at the time the DMO was compiling the report. In a report on its website, the debt office explained that N4.2 trillion was added to the debt stock in 2020 alone as a result of economic effects of Covid-19 pandemic. As a result of the debt figure, the Federal Government spent 82.9 per cent of its 2020 revenue on debt service. According to the information contained in the budget implementation report of the government for the year ended December 2020, total revenue earned during the year was N3.93 trillion, representing a 27 per cent drop from the target revenues of N5.365 trillion. Of the N3.93 trillion revenue, N3.26 trillion was devoted to debt service. The ‘World Economic Situation and Prospects 2021’ noted “African countries are experiencing an unprecedented economic downturn with major adverse impacts on development. “Lower commodity prices, the collapse of tourism and lower remittances – exacerbated by much needed domestic lockdowns and other measures to control the spread of the pandemic – have caused a severe and widespread deterioration of the economic situation. “Limited fiscal space, challenging financing conditions and rising public debt have increased the risks of debt distress.” It emphasized that sustained recovery from the pandemic will depend not only on the size of the stimulus measures, and the quick rollout of vaccines, but also on the quality and efficacy of these measures to build resilience against future shocks. “Nigeria’s GDP is projected to expand by 1.5 per cent in 2021, after a contraction of 3.5 per cent in 2020. “Yet, tighter foreign exchange liquidity, mounting inflationary pressures and subdued domestic demand cloud the medium-term outlook.” Unfortunately, according to the report, “elevated public debt is limiting the capacity to boost spending across the continent. “Also, meagre growth prospects mean less capacity to sustain debt levels, as foreign reserves, remittances and capital flows falter and depreciations constrain the capacity to service foreign currency-denominated debt. “African countries need further support from the international community and strong national efforts in averting a debt crisis. A debt crisis would not just cause a further economic deterioration, but also force painful fiscal adjustments.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.