The Brand Manager, Power Oil, Miss Prerna Pathre has explained that the decision of the vegetable oil brand to take its ongoing  fitness project to the nation’s university campuses, was  to  promote a healthy lifestyle among the nation’s youths, and remind them of the benefits of a daily fitness routine. Pathre added that the fitness advocacy program, which would see the Power Oil Team visit ten  Nigerian universities,  was put in place to demonstrate the brand’s  commitment towards ensuring a healthier society without leaving out the youth segment of the country. According to her, at each location,  the program tagged “Power Oil – No More Excuses, Let’s Walk” would kick off  in the early hours of the morning with aerobic exercise being led by certified fitness trainers, followed by a 30-minute fun-walk, spiced up with some interesting dance moves. While expressing delight at the level of participation by the students of schools so far visited, Pathre described the turn-out as an evidence that the brand’s advocacy on fitness had begun to make the desired impact  among the nation’s youths. “The program is strategically designed to promote a healthy lifestyle and remind the Nigerian youths of the benefits of a daily fitness routine. It is aimed at encouraging all Nigerians to walk for at least 30 minutes every day to keep fit and stay healthy,” she stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.