Acting Vice Chancellor, University of Ibadan, Professor Babatunde Ekanola says the new 41 inductees of the university into the medical laboratory scientists should see their call to the profession as an opportunity to serve and ensure better health for Nigerians. Professor Ekanola, who gave the charge at the admission of the 2018/2019 Bachelor of Medical Laboratory Science graduates into the profession, urged them to be fully committed to the calling of their profession while they serve others rather than self. Professor Ekanola, represented by the provost of the Postgraduate College of the university, Professor Oyebamiji Babalola said they should keep contact and help each other as well as the department that trained them to continue to grow and excel. Provost, College of Medicine, Professor Olayinka Omigbodun, in her address said they should be resourceful and maximize the resources even as they maintain the right attitude to excellence in their professional life Omigbodun, said as medical laboratory scientists, they are in high demand and have opportunities and so they should not use lack of resources as an excuse not to achieve their goals in life. She added, “you are a resource, being resources is your ability to source and overcome your resource issues to achieve your goal. So work with a team spirit and treat everyone with dignity and respect.” Registrar and Chief Executive Officer, Medical Laboratory Science Council of Nigeria, Dr Tosan Erhabor receiving the graduands into the profession, said the inductees attested to the rebirth of the lost glory of the university’s Medical Laboratory Science programme which dates back to 1965/66 academic session. He asked that they conduct themselves with utmost dignity for the profession while also always maintaining the ethics of the profession. Earlier, president, Ibadan College of Medicine Alumni Association worldwide, Professor Dipo Otolorin said in reversing medical tourism, they should take responsibility and adhere to lessons they learnt on ensuring quality control of laboratory test results. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.