Apple Inc and its partners have launched a $200 million “Restore Fund” to accelerate natural solutions to climate change, the company said in a statement. Launched with Conservation International and Goldman Sachs, the fund aims to remove at least one million metric tons of carbon dioxide annually from the atmosphere. That is equivalent to the amount of fuel used by over 200,000 passenger vehicles. The effort is part of Apple’s broader goal to become carbon neutral across its entire value chain by 2030. Apple said it will directly eliminate 75 per cent of emissions for its supply chain and products by 2030. However, the fund will help address the remaining 25 per cent of Apple’s emissions by removing carbon from the atmosphere. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Apple launches $200m ‘Restore Fund’  ;  Apple launches $200m ‘Restore Fund’  ;  Apple launches $200m ‘Restore Fund’. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.