At the Nigerian Exchange (NGX), equities trading begins the new week with positive sentiments as investors earn N20.94 billion on Monday. The market capitalisation of the NGX appreciated by 0.12 per cent to close at N20.33 trillion as against N20.31 trillion it closed with on Friday. Consequently, the All-Share Index (ASI) added 40 points to close at 38,848.02 basis points, having appreciated by 0.12 per cent. Similarly, the market breadth index was positive with 18 gainers recorded against 12 losers. On the performance chart, FCMB Holdings was the top gainer having appreciated by 9.77 per cent, while FTN Cocoa led the losers with a ten per cent decline in its share value. Sectoral performances were impressive as the Banking, Consumer Goods and Oil and Gas indices recorded increase. Specifically, NSE Oil and Gas Index gained 1.19 per cent on account of buy-interest in Oando whose shares grew 2.65 per cent. NSE Banking Index also 4ose by 0.34 per cent due to uptrends in the stocks of Union Bank of Nigeria, United Bank for Africa, Guaranty Trust Bank and Zenith as the recorded 2.15 per cent, 1.44 per cent, 1.20 per cent and 0.70 per cent respective increase in their share value. Also, NSE Consumer Goods Index inched up by 0.08 per cent due to positive sentiment in Honeywell Flour, UACN and International Breweries. However, NSE Industrial Index closed flat. MTN Nigeria was the toast of investors as it made the most actively traded stock with about 181.73 million units of shares worth about N29.68 billion. There was an uptick in activities at the local bourse on Monday as the total volume of trades increased by 93.8 per cent to 508.63 million units, valued at N32.10 billion, and exchanged in 4,324 deals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Equities investors begin week with N20.9bn gain |Equities investors begin week with N20.9bn gain | Equities investors begins week with N20.9bn gain  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.