A farmer named Kereku Yanmi was attacked at Oyankalu farm in Lukosi, Ayete in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Wednesday. The fresh attack in the Ibarapa zone saw the victim, aged 45 years, struck at the back of his neck by yet-to-be-identified men. The attack came just after a peace meeting was held at Igangan Police Station that had in attendance law enforcement agencies in Ibarapa North, law enforcement agencies, traditional rulers, landowners, hunters, herdsmen, farmers, butchers’ among others. Oyo Police Public Relations Officer, Gbenga Fadeyi described the incident as a case of robbery where the farmer and another were attacked and dispossessed of their belongings including handsets and cash on the farm. Fadeyi however noted that the Divisional Police Officer, Ayete, had begun investigations to arrest the attackers. In another incident in Ibarapa, one Salami Sodirat, a student of Ogudu compound, Igangan, was kidnapped along the Igboora-Eruwa road, while on her way to her school, Royal Institute of Health Technology, Eruwa campus, on Wednesday. A family source confirmed that the kidnappers established contact with the Salami Sodirat family who initially demanded a ransom of N20million but upon negotiation, N1.5million was agreed upon. He however said the family beckoned on the kidnappers to accept N1.25million. However, an authoritative source in Igangan said Sodirat was released safe and sound back to her Igangan home, on Thursday evening, about 24 hours after she was kidnapped. Meanwhile, negotiations are said to be ongoing with regards to two other persons said to have been kidnapped alongside Sodirat. Responding to the kidnap, the Oyo Police Command Spokesperson, Gbenga Fadeyi said the incident was an attempted kidnap that was unsuccessful. “There was an attempted kidnap that did not come true. They attempted but it was not successful,” Fadeyi said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Farmer attacked, student kidnapped  ;  Farmer attacked, student kidnapped  ;  Farmer attacked, student kidnapped. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.