Delta State, the next door neighbour to the host state, Edo, has picked its first gold medal at the ongoing 20th National Sports Festival, NSF, tagged Edo2020. Delta State picked the gold medal in the 80km road race for women, when Ese Ukpeseraye beat 12 other cyclists to the finish line to pick the first gold medal at the sports fiesta Edo athletes and same siblings, Comfort and Grace, settled for the Silver and Bronze medals respectively by coming second and third positions in the race. Cycling continues on Monday with the men and women 1,000 metres individual pursuit for two gold medals. Meanwhile, Oyo and Taraba States, which were initially disqualified from the games for failing to comply with COVID-19 protocols, have been readmitted into the festival. Nigerian Tribune recall the Edo State Deputy Governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, who doubles as the chairman of the Organising Committee for the Festival, had on Saturday announced that both States were barred from participating in the festival following their failure to adhere to the COVID-19 guidelines for the games. The organisers, it was further gathered,  rescinded the earlier decision after the authorities from both States arrived with the COVID-19 certificates in line with the directives of the COVID-19 Protocols for the games. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.