The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Farouq on Monday condemned the attack on humanitarian aid facilities and the killing of civilians in Damask, a town around Lake Chad in the Mobbar Local Government Area of Borno State. The Minister’s message was conveyed through a statement issued by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Bashir Alkali. Farouq expressed concern over the frequent attacks on humanitarian aid facilities in the North-East region of the country, saying the violent attack will affect the support provided by the aid workers to hundreds of thousands of people in need of humanitarian assistance and protection in the area. “The attack is unfortunate and against international law on humanitarian operations and aid workers. “It could be recalled that early March, humanitarian aid facilities were attacked by terrorists in Dikwa, Borno State. “The attacks on aid facilities and killing of civilians should be condemned at all levels. Humanitarian aid organizations should be allowed to perform their duties in line with global best practices. “I commiserate with the families that lost their beloved ones in the attack, the United Nations and the humanitarian aid organizations, over the huge loss and pray that those behind the attack should see the reason to respect the right to life and put an end to violent killings and destruction of properties.” The Minister however commended the security agencies, members of the civilian JTF and hunters that assisted in repelling the attack. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…  Minister condemns terrorist attack  ;  Minister condemns terrorist attack  ;  Minister condemns terrorist attack ;  Minister condemns terrorist attack. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.