Five persons who offered N500,000 bribe to policemen after they allegedly stole iron rods from a construction site on the Lagos-Ibadan expressway have been arrested. The suspects had reportedly stolen iron rods belonging to one of the construction company handling the rehabilitation of the Lagos-Badagry expressway. The image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, while confirming the arrest of the suspects also said that two suspected armed robbers were arrested with a “dummy gun.” Adejobi in a statement on Tuesday said “police operatives attached to Area E Command, Festac Lagos State, on 11th April 2021, at about 3 am, accosted five suspects in a Ford Bus with Reg. Number FST 679 XZ, with some 25mm iron rods, property of China Construction Engineering Company (CCEC) between Volks Bus Stop and Iyana Iba, Lagos State.” He added that “the suspects, when arrested by the police operatives, were alleged to have offered a bribe of N500,000 to the police operatives who rejected the offer and went ahead to arrest them with the stolen iron rods.” “The suspects include Lawal Saheed, m, 40, Taofeek Adenigba, m, 43, Ope Olowolayemo, m, 28, Azeez Jamie, m, 41 and Omotayo Adewale, m, 34.” The police spokesperson also said “the items recovered from them are some pieces of 25mm iron rods, one nozzle, one gas cylinder and Ford Bus with Reg. No. FST 697 XZ. The management of CCEC has been contacted by the police and identified the stolen items to be their property.” The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, ordered that the matter be thoroughly investigated and the suspects be charged to court as soon as possible. “In the same vein, the police operatives attached to Sagamu Road Division of Ikorodu, Lagos, on 12th April 2021, at about 1245pm, arrested two (2) suspects, Awosika Kehinde, m, 24 and Olatilewa Ayomide, m, 18, at Sabo area of Ikorodu,” the Lagos police also stated. According to the police, “the suspects were accosted by the police on a motorcycle in Sabo area of Ikorodu.” “After a preliminary investigation, it was revealed that the suspects were using the dummy gun to scare their victims anytime they were on robbery operation, particularly in the traffic. They are giving useful information to assist the police in the course of their investigation,” the police said. Items recovered from them include one dummy beretta pistol and some assorted charms. The commissioner of police has also directed that the suspects be transferred to the Command Special Squad for a thorough investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.