JOSEPHINE, wife of Yinka Odumakin, the late spokesman of Afenifere, has promised to keep alive the legacies and ideals her husband lived for by immortalising him. Speaking to Nigerian Tribune on Monday on fond memories of her late husband, the human rights activist said: “I will miss everything about my husband and his dedication to worthy cause. I will work hard to keep his legacy alive. What he fought for must not be allowed to die. I will ensure his legacy, his ideals and principles are kept alive. We will organise activities that will keep his ideals and principles alive. What he lived and died for will be immortalised.” She also said even as the wife, she had reasons to disagree with her husband on national issues during his lifetime. She said though most times she disagreed with her husband on national issues, there was always respect for each others’ views. “I gave my husband space to fulfill his conscience on issues. At times we discussed, at the end, he would go ahead with his conviction. Before writing on national issues for publication, we would debate on the writeup and fine-tune it. “One debate we had was the US election. We supported different candidates. His candidate was Trump, mine was Biden. When Biden won, I made jest of him,” she said. The widow also said she was not shocked to see some personalities coming to commiserate with her on the death of her husband, despite the position of the deceased on some national issues. Some dignitaries, including the leader of Afenifere, Pa Ayo Adebanjo; national leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu; former governor of Ogun State, Senator Ibikunle Amosun; his wife, Olufunso, among others had visited the Lagos residence of the Odumakins on Monday. Speaking after the visit of Tinubu, Josephine said the former Lagos State governor told her, “Yinka was courageous. He (Tinubu) said to me, ‘we were all together in NADECO days. Yinka was a very courageous and brilliant man. I felt shocked when I heard of his passing. Yinka was a very good person.” When asked how she felt when she saw Tinubu, Joe said: “I was not shocked when I saw Asiwaju. All people will visit when a good and great man dies. So I expected everybody to come.” When asked about burial plans, she disclosed that Afenifere leader, Pa Ayo Adebanjo, promised to work with the family and like-minded persons to make sure Yinka is given a befitting burial. According to her, there are no burial plans yet. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.