Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has mourned the passing of the National Publicity Secretary of the pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, Mr Yinka Odumakin, describing the late human rights and pro-democracy activist, as a great nationalist, passionate leader and champion of a true Nigeria that would work for every citizen. Sanwo-Olu said this in his reaction, in a statement issued on Saturday and signed by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Gboyega Akosile, saying the Afenifere spokesman lived a selfless life, adding that the late Odumakin would not be forgotten in a hurry. “It is with deep sense of sorrow but with a heart full of gratitude to God for a good life spent by the late Yinka Odumakin that I write to commiserate with the family, friends and associates of the late Yinka Odumakin. “Odumakin was undoubtedly a great nationalist, passionate leader and champion of a true Nigeria that would work for every citizen. “Odumakin as civil rights activist was selfless. He spent the greater part of his life in the service of humanity, particularly the emancipation of the Yoruba people, the development of the South West region in particular and the nation in general,” the governor said. Speaking further, Governor Sanwo-Olu also stated that Odumakin stood firmly behind the attainment of constitutional democracy and fiscal federalism as the basis for sustainable development and lifting the masses out of poverty, adding that Odumakin made his mark and became a reference point as major voice for the development of the Yoruba race and would surely be missed. “As spokesman for the Afenifere, Odumakin made his mark and became a reference point as a major voice for the development of the Yoruba race. He will surely be missed. “I personally followed the late Odumakin and found his principled position and capacity to speak truth to power as crucial for Nigeria’s political and economic development,” the governor said. The governor also condoled with the wife of the deceased, Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, Afenifere and the entire Yoruba race over the death of the civil rights activist, praying God to grant his departed soul eternal rest and grant the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. “On behalf of my family and the good people of Lagos State, I hereby express my heartfelt condolences to his immediate family, particularly his wife, Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, the Afenifere and the entire Yoruba race over the loss of Yinka Odumakin. “May God grant his departed soul eternal rest and grant the family the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss,” Governor Sanwo-Olu prayed.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!