About 65 people were arrested on Saturday in Akure, the Ondo State capital, for violating Ondo State Environmental Law. This was disclosed by the General Manager, Ondo State Waste Management Authority, Mrs Ayo Adeyemo, who said the suspects were arrested by the officials of the agency during the monthly environmental sanitation exercise held last Saturday in the state. Adeyemo who reiterated the commitment of the present administration towards ensuring a clean environment said, “sixty-five people were arrested during the sanitation exercise, some of them were roaming about when they were supposed to observe the movement restriction order of the state government to clean their environment. “They have been fined. This administration is not taking the issue of sanitation lightly and we won’t relent in our efforts in making Ondo State clean.” She, however, warned owners of uncompleted buildings with bushy surroundings in the state, to clear the buildings or face the wrath of the law, noting that bushy environment are always used as hideouts by criminals. The Chairman of Ondo State Special Committee on Waste Management, Mr Kehinde Badejo, said collaborative efforts were ongoing among the various stakeholders to ensure a clean environment in Ondo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.