THE Presidential Think-Tank on Defence and Security and the Ministry of Interior are to synergise in the bid to deal with the current internal security challenges bedevilling the country. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, gave the assurance and determination of his ministry and all its agencies to collaborate with the members of the Presidential Think-Tank on Defence and Security so as to further strengthen the fight against crimes and criminality in the country. Aregbesola spoke when he received the members of the Presidential Think-Tank led by its Chairman, Maj. Gen. Abdulmalik Jubril (rtd) Monday in Abuja, a statement by the Director, Press and Public Relations of the ministry, Mrs Blessing Lere-Adams said. The minister said the ministry and its agencies have recorded considerable success in line with the ministry’s mandate of ensuring internal security, public safety and citizenship integrity of Nigerians. He described security as the basis for human life, reiterated the resolve of officers and men under his supervision to continue to take the issue of security and public safety very seriously, added that the ministry would continue to collaborate with relevant agencies and groups to see that all threats to internal security are surmounted. “Because of its importance, whoever is given any assignment on security at any level should not compromise – it should be taken seriously,” he said. In his remarks, Maj. Gen. Abdulmalik Jubril (rtd) said the committee which was set up by President Muhammadu Buhari in August, 2018 was in the ministry to seek partnership so as to further boost the numerous achievements recorded in the fight against crimes and criminality in the country. He added that the dynamic nature of security challenges in Nigeria led to the setting up of the Presidential Think-Tank to serve as an advisory body to the minister of defence and other relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) of government, in an effort to deal with all threats to the varied security challenges in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.