A vigilante member, Lukman Rasak has been arrested by the police in Lagos State for allegedly killing a man in the Ijora area of the state. The circumstances surrounding the killing were as of Wednesday evening, yet to be ascertained, it was confirmed that Rasak shot Musa Yahaya on the chest. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi confirmed the incident and added that seventeen armed robbers were also arrested in the Elemoro area of the state. Adejobi said “the police operatives attached to Ijora Division of the command, on Tuesday, 13th April 2021, at about 2 pm arrested one Vigilante member, Lukman Rasak, m, 30, for shooting one Musa Yahaya, m, 28, on his chest at Ijora area of the state. The victim was rushed to the hospital where he was confirmed dead.” He also added that “the police were alerted and raced to the place, arrested the suspect and recovered his gun with some cartridges.” The police image maker also added that “in another development, the policemen attached to Elemoro Division, on 14/04/2021 at about 2 am, arrested seventeen (17) suspected armed robbers at their various hideouts within the area based on intelligence gathering.” “The suspects are Oladapo Job, m, 22, Abdulraheem Sidibaba, m, 20, Abdulrasheed Adebayo, m, 20, Tajudeen Abdullahi, m, Agbaje Sunday,m, 21 and twelve (12) others.” According to the police “Items recovered from them are: Three (3) cut-to-size locally-made pistols and four (4) live cartridges.” “They are the suspected armed robbers alleged to be terrorising and robbing the residents and POS Operators at Ibeju Lekki area of Lagos State.” The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has ordered that all the suspects be transferred to State CID, Panti, Yaba-Lagos, for proper investigation and possible prosecution. The police boss also affirmed that the command will be more proactive in its anti-crime strategies by taking the fights against criminals and hoodlums in the state to their hideouts. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Vigilante member shoots man  Vigilante member shoots man Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Vigilante member shoots man  Vigilante member shoots man SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.