Gunmen, again, on Sunday night, stormed the Pegi community in Kuje Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja and whisked away one person, while N15 million ransom was said to have been placed on him forthwith. The Chairman, Pegi Community Development Association (PECDA), Mr Isaac Aderibigbe, who confirmed the abduction to newsmen, lamented the incessant attack on the community, saying it was becoming worrisome as residents now live in perpetual fear. It will be recalled that a similar incident happened in less than one month when kidnappers collected N2 million before freeing their victim. Speaking further, Mr Aderibigbe said the gunmen, who were in army uniform shot sporadically in the air and forcefully stopped cars on their way home. Investigations by Tribune Online, however, revealed that N15 million had since been placed on the victim. According to a credible source, who did not want his name in print: “Mr Laide Muhammad was not lucky enough as he was whisked away and a ransom of N15 million was demanded before his immediate release.” Another resident, who also preferred not to be mentioned, said; “I was coming back home, as I got to where the tiled road was terminated, on my way to 1000 units gate, I noticed that people were sitting on bare ground and some people were standing. “This, to me, was a red flag, I told my passenger that, this is not right so I put my car on reverse, a man came out from the bush with a machete and hit the back of my car asking me to stop, I just continued to reverse. “As I was reversing I heard one of the kidnappers giving an order in the Hausa language, that they should not shoot becàuse if they shoot they would alert other motorists and residents. “Unfortunately, my car entered a ditch, so I came down and continued running toward Kuje town where I started turning other motorists back and one of the cars now picked me. We called the Divisional Police Officer (DPO), who came and helped remove the car. I am still scared even after that experience,” He narrated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Again, gunmen abduct one person, demand N15 million ransom in Abuja We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Again, gunmen abduct one person, demand N15 million ransom in Abuja SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.