The management of Greenfield University Kaduna is appealing to the government and the public to assist in securing the safe release of its staff and students. This was even as it pleaded with the abductors of the students to spare the lives of the remaining students with them. This was contained in a statement issued on Saturday to newsmen and signed by the Registrar of the institution, Bashir Muhammad. “We are at this point calling on the government and people of goodwill who can be of assistance to come to our aid as the situation is becoming overwhelming,” the statement said. According to the statement “efforts have been made to secure the release of these staff and students which have not yielded the desired results. “Even so, very sad news reaching us today is that three of the students were killed and their bodies were found near the university. There were two female and one male casualty. “Further, a ransom of 800 million Naira has been demanded our abducted staff and students,” the statement disclosed. The management of Greenfield University said it appreciated the concern of the state governor Malam Nasir el-Rufai and commended the steps taken to ensure the safe return of the abducted students. “Finally, we appeal to those in the custody of our staff and students to spare their lives,” it concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Please spare the lives  Please spare the lives Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Please spare the lives Please spare the lives SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.