BABY Naomi Essienawan Effan-Okon has been crowned the Cussons Baby of The Year (CBOTY) 2021, after beating over 9,000 participants at the 7th edition of this year’s  Cussons Baby Moments Competition, organised by PZ Cussons. Baby Naomi, who was declared winner at the grand finale of the event in Lagos, was given the  sum of N2 million, as well as a year supply of Cussons Baby products. Speaking at the event, the Brand Manager, Cussons Baby, Gbenga Akindele, expressed  satisfaction  at the level of participation in this year’s edition of the competition, According to him, the spirit behind the competition was  to enable the brand inspire hope and be a source of joy to as many families as possible, as reflected in its theme, ‘Reasons for Joy’. “The Cussons baby brand cares and will continue to inspire hope and happiness by providing quality skincare products for babies,” Akindele stated. Commending the brand for organizing the competition, Baby Naomi’s parents, the Effan-Okons, noted that the gestures would go a long way in giving their baby a head-start in life. Babies Ojelade Daphne and Aliu Ayomide emerged first and second runners up, winning  N1 million cash,  6 months’ supply of Cussons Baby products, and  N500, 000  cash with 6 months’ supply of Cussons Baby products, respectively. Other top 7 finalists were given N100, 000 each and some months’ supply of Cussons Baby products each. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.