“I only had sex with Moses Sililo three times; the first time in an unfinished building, the second time on our matrimonial bed and the third time at a friend’s house,” a cheating housewife of Chipata Compound, Lusaka, Zambia has confessed. This is in a matter where 44-year-old Ben Bwalya of Chipata Compound in Lusaka has sued his wife, Jane Phiri, aged 32, for divorce in the Matero Local Court citing adultery as the cause. Jane told the court that she opted to sub-contract  Moses who lives in their neighbourhood to provide sexual services to her on the three instances as her husband, was too busy with his phone every time he returned home from work. However, Jane begged the court not to end her marriage with Ben over a mere three rounds of sex with Moses. She told the court that her cheating sessions were very brief and her husband should not be granted divorce. Jane also promised never to have sex with Moses again but remain loyal to her husband. However, Ben told the court that his wife’s underplaying of her cheating as being brief encounters could not be verified as she did not provide a time keeper who witnessed their frolicking to corroborate her claims. He added that he could no longer cast his eyes on the body of his adulterous wife as her confession was too filthy for him to swallow. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.