Gunmen numbering over 100, believed to be bandits running riot in the neighbouring Niger State, struck five villages in Sakaba Local Government Area of Kebbi State, killed a Divisional Police Officer (DPO), four other Policemen and four members of the Vigilante group, known as ‘Yan sa kai’. According to the report made available to newsmen from the area, the five villages attacked by the bandits are Sakaba, Dan kolo, Makuku, Dokakambari and Kurminhodo all in Sakaba Council Area in the Southern part of the state. The report also quoted a local resident in the area, Salisu Adamu saying, “the bandits numbering about 100 men rode on miracles arrived the area shooting sporadically killing no fewer than 100 people across the five villages including the DPO and four of his men and the Yan sa Kai boys.” “They have killed DPO Jimoh Abdullahi, four Policemen, two Yan Sa kai boys, they killed seven people in Inana village alone, carted away hundreds of cattle, please we need your prayers.” He pleaded. The Public Relation Officer (PPRO), Nafiu Abubakar who confirmed the incident also said more security personnel have been drafted to the area to beef up the security challenges. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Bandits strike in Kebbi, kill DPO, others Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Bandits strike in Kebbi, kill DPO, others [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.