Kidnappers struck again, on Monday morning, at Onipe Community, on Ibadan-Ijebu Ode Road, abducting three women. The victims are Mrs Okeowo, Mrs Abosede Adebayo and Mrs Bola Ogunrinde. Mrs Ogunrinde, suspected to be a military officer, was said to have driven a Toyota RAV-4, with registration number AGL 66 FY. Tribune Online learnt that the armed kidnappers jumped on the road from the bush around Onipe Community, at about 8:20 a.m, shooting sporadically, and went away with the victims to an unknown destination. It was further learnt that when the case was reported at Idi Ayunre police station, the Divisional Police Officer, who led a patrol team, was joined by the Officer-in-Charge of Anti-Kidnapping Unit and his team, operatives of Counter Terrorism Unit (CTU), local hunters and vigilante group members, and had been combing the bush since the incident occurred, with the aim of rescuing the victims and arresting the kidnappers. It will be noted that the abductors had recently switched to the road to operate, and had carried out at least two operations. They had kidnapped three quarry site workers and a female commuter, on April 6, while the police secured their freedom, on April 9. Also, on March 15, the kidnappers struck at Ibuso Gbooro, close to Dally Junction, by a quarry site, and abducted two bank officials, two commuters and a palm wine tapper. When contacted, the police spokesman in the state, DSP Adewale Osifeso confirmed the story, saying that the combined teams of AKS, Idi Ayunre Division, other tactical teams, as well as local hunters and vigilante group, had been active on the trail of the gunmen. Osifeso added that the security agents were making efforts to rescue the victims and arrest the suspects. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Again, kidnappers on prowl on Ibadan-Ijebu Ode Road, abduct three women at Onipe We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Again, kidnappers on prowl on Ibadan-Ijebu Ode Road, abduct three women at Onipe SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.