A Coalition of Civil Society Groups has called for collective efforts to address rising insecurity and poverty in the country. It was reacting to controversies trailing the printing of N60 billion naira by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to fund the March allocation to states. Speaking at a briefing in Abuja, the Coalition’s President, Bassey Williams condemned the political dimension the issue has taken stating that the claims were made without adequate evidence. He added that an independent investigation showed that the money shared in the month under review was generated from the Federation Account. “We condemn the falsehood and the controversy being generated; this is not what we need at a time like now. “We further discovered that all the states owe the CBN. These monies are bailout funds given to them to cushion the effects of the difficulties experienced by the governors in their bid to deliver on good governance,” he said. To this end, he called for patriotic interventions and we progressive contributions towards developing and governing the Nigerian polity. Similarly, he stressed the need for diversification of the economy and stimulation growth in the agriculture sector to further strengthen the country’s economy. “Governor Emefiele has also backed up his pledge to facilitate job creation with the creation of the Creative Industry Financing Initiative (CIFI), which is being implemented in collaboration with the Bankers’ Committee,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  Nigeria requires collective efforts to address rising insecurity, poverty  ;  Nigeria requires collective efforts to address rising insecurity, poverty  ;  Nigeria requires collective efforts to address rising insecurity, poverty  ;  Nigeria requires collective efforts to address rising insecurity, poverty. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.