Oja Oba/Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, has ended the 19-year-old wedlock between a couple, Mathew Adegoke and Bunmi Adegoke. Mathew who brought a divorce suit against his wife accused her of infidelity, wickedness, constant fight and violence. The plaintiff complained that his health was deteriorating as a result of his wife’s troublesome nature. He thus prayed that their marriage be dissolved before she killed him. Bunmi refused that they should be separated. According to her, she and her husband had come a long way. The defendant denied all the allegations brought against him by the plaintiff. She explained that her husband was in the habit of dodging his responsibility in the home and that he passed the bulk of his duties to her. Bunmi told the court that her uncle made her husband, but that despite this, he still humiliated her by chasing after other women and sometimes abandoning her and the children at home for months. Mathew in her evidence said, “My wife is promiscuous and her illicit affair with other men are known not only to me but people in the neighbourhood. “Bunmi now takes advantage of my ill health to engage more in her immoral act. “I felt embarrassed and ashamed when a woman came to report my wife to me. This woman told me that my wife was having an affair with her husband. I asked Bunmi if it was true but she denied it. “We had a misunderstanding after this and she moved out of my house. She was away for three years. “I took ill and was admitted in the hospital. I was there on the hospital bed for months, wasting away, because the doctors were unable to diagnose the cause of my illness. “I was weak and unable to walk when I was discharged from the hospital. There was no strength in me. Despite my condition, my wife refused that I had rest of mind. “Bunmi thought I was going to die and was already making arrangement to sell some of my property. “Her countenance changed when I was discharged and brought back home. She obviously wished me dead. “My lord, Bunmi started putting pressure on me to sell my house and I refused. She got annoyed, broke the windscreen of my car and also destroyed some other property. “I stayed back at home since I was too weak to work and my wife made my life miserable. “She sold all my electronics and once locked me out of the house, threatening to kill me. “My wife further turned our children against me. She instructed them to neither greet me nor relate with me. “She sometimes bragged that the children are not mine, she can therefore have them. “My lord, I don’t want my wife under my roof again. I beg that an end be put to our marriage in this court today, “Mathew said. Bunmi told the court, “My husband and I have come a long way. I stood by him through thick and thin, he cannot, therefore throw me out of his house now. “Mathew is an ingrate. He was a Nobody when we got married. My uncle came to his aid. He made him whatever he is today. “He got my husband a good job while our house was built with his support. My uncle also bought him a car. “Despite these support, Mathew still failed to be a responsible husband and father. “He never bothered about my welfare and that of our two children and constantly reneged on his promise to pay our children’s school fees. “My uncle who took up the responsibility of paying our children’s school fees for a certain period of time. My husband agreed to pay only after he was threatened with a sack. “Mathew started sleeping around with women and once abandoned the home for months, “the defendant stated, “Bunmi stated. She added that, “My lord, he lied that I’m promiscuous, troublesome and violent. “I never had any relationship with any other man apart from him. I left home for nine months after we fought and not three years. “He took ill shortly after I moved back to his house. He had partial stroke and I stood by him. I took good care of him throughout the time he was sick. “I have always taken care of our children and they are doing fine, “the defendant concluded. Giving his judgment after he had heard both parties, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade dissolved their wedlock and granted custody of their two children to the plaintiff. Both parties were asked to maintain peace.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.