President of Chad, Idriss Deby, has died of injuries suffered on front line during his visit to soldiers fighting the rebels in the northern part of the country, an army spokesman told the Agence France Presse (AFP) on Tuesday. The president has just won a sixth term and was expected to give a victory speech to supporters but his Campaign Director, Mahamat Zen Bada, said he had instead gone to visit soldiers on the front lines. “The candidate would have like to have been here to celebrate…. but right now, he is alongside our valiant defence and security forces to fight the terrorists threatening our territory,” Baza had told reporters. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories…  BREAKING: Chadian president dies of injuries suffered during visit to troops fighting Boko Haram Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…  BREAKING: Chadian president dies of injuries suffered during visit to troops fighting Boko Haram SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.