The Federal Government on Wednesday said House Officers in Federal Government teaching hospitals and federal medical centres (FMC) across the federation would have received their payment by end of Wednesday. According to the Minister, of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, though some of the house officers were recruited outside the quota allocated by the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria (MDCN), and some recruited between January and March when there was an embargo on selective recruitment by teaching hospitals and FMCs, amnesty was granted to all to be paid in line with the Memorandum of Action (MoA). Speaking to newsmen in Abuja, Ngige added that the Federal Government has not only substantially met the seven-point demand by NARD, but has also demonstrated transparency in their implementation. To this end, Ngige held that the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) had lost all moral and legal ground to continue its seven- day-old strike and should call it off. The minister said: “The House Officers have started receiving their payments in the Federal Government teaching hospitals and federal medical centres across the federation. I spoke with the Accountant General of the Federation (AGF) as well as with two chief medical directors of teaching hospitals on Wednesday morning and they confirmed payment to house officers. “By the close of work on Wednesday, all would have been paid as the officers at the office of the AGF worked even during the public holidays to this effect. “We have also abolished benching in training as well as stopped the deduction of N15,000 per month from the salaries of house doctors for accommodation. We directed the refund of the deductions and the entire money is now paid to the house doctors.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.