Former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin was handcuffed and taken into custody after a jury found him guilty of murder and manslaughter in the death of George Floyd, USA Today has reported. Images of Chauvin leaving the courtroom in handcuffs spread quickly on social media. Chauvin stood and placed his hands behind his back as sheriff’ inside the court room placed the handcuffs on him. He also appeared to speak briefly with his attorney, Eric Nelson, as the officer led him out the room. Prosecutors moved for and Judge Peter Cahill ordered Chauvin’s bail to be revoked and him to be remanded into Hennepin County sheriff’s custody until a sentencing hearing in several weeks. Some social media users noted the imagery of a former police officer being led out of a courtroom in handcuffs. Others shared the initial police report filed after Floyd’s death, in which officers wrote, “Officers were able to get the suspect into handcuffs and noted he appeared to be suffering medical distress.” Chauvin, 45, was found guilty of second- and third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. George Floyd’s death in police custody last May led to widespread protests around the U.S. demanding racial justice and police accountability. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.