Kidnappers terrorising Ekiti State in recent time have again, abducted a petrol dealer, Mr Itakorode Adebayo, at Governor Kayode Fayemi’s hometown of Isan Ekiti, in the Oye Local Government Area of the state. Itakorode is the General Manager of Prosperous Filling Station located at Isan Ekiti. This incident happened few months after a chieftain of the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria(IPMAN), Alhaji Suleiman Akinbami, was kidnapped by unknown gunmen at his filling station along Ado-Ijan road. It was gathered that the gunmen numbering eight emerged from the bush on motorcycles and invaded the petrol station around 7 pm, on Thursday, and seized the victim. The Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti Command, ASP Sunday Abutu, who confirmed the incident, said a team of police operatives and detectives, including the Amotekun Corps and the local Hunters have been deployed to rescue the victim. Abutu said they had been mandated to rigorously comb the bushes and the forests across the state to ensure they rescue the man. Abutu explained that the gunmen stormed the filling station through the bush on about six motorcycles and started shooting sporadically before whisking the victim away. Abutu said, ” It was gathered that the gunmen stormed the filling station through the bush on about six motorcycles and started shooting sporadically before whisking the victim away. “The Ekiti State Police Command, in addition to the rescue teams deployed, has contacted all the states bordering Ekiti State for possible assistance towards the rescue of the victim and the arrest of the perpetrators.” He urged residents to report to the nearest police station information that would help in rescuing the victim and arresting the perpetrators. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Gunmen on motorcycles abduct petrol dealer in Fayemi’s hometown Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Gunmen on motorcycles abduct petrol dealer in Fayemi’s hometown SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.