TELECOMS service provider, 9Mobile, has announced plans to introduce electronic SIM cards, as part of its efforts  at enhancing  subscribers’ experiences. The company’s Lead, Public Relations, Chineze Amanfo, disclosed this in Lagos, recently, at a public forum, organised by the Brands Journalists Association of Nigeria (BJAN), to mark this year’s World Consumer Day. Chineze Amanfo stated that, when introduced,  the e-SIM cards,  would go a long way in saving  subscribers the hassles of having to visit their outlets for SIM card retrievals, every time there are incidents of card losses. She described the move as part of the company’s plans at ensuring environmental sustainability, especially in its operating environments. “The planned introduction of electronic SIM Cards is a demonstration of our commitment to ensuring environmental sustainability. With an e-card, we’ll be seeing less of plastic cards, a development that will go a long way in checking plastic pollution  in our environments,” she added. Earlier at the event, President, Consumer Advocacy Forum of Nigeria (CAFON), Mrs. Sola Salako-Ajulo,  in her lecture, tagged, ‘Tackling Plastic Pollution: Challenges, Solutions and Benefits’, stressed the need for corporate organisations and consumers to ensure their activities are environmentally-friendly. She advised on more creative ways of using and managing plastics so as to save the environments the danger of pollution. One of such ways, the consumer rights activist argued, is to constitute the habit of repairing and re-using plastics so as to reduce the number of plastics and nylons churned out daily by the manufacturers. She also called on the media to support the fight against environmental pollution by sensitising the public to the danger of improper management of plastic wastes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.