PRESIDENT Muhammdu Buhari on Thursday chided present-day Nigerian leaders of setting region against region, religion against religion, ethnic group against ethnic group and community against community. In a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, the president, who said Nigerians had earlier accused colonial rulers of the policy of divide and rule, said attempts to sharpen the divide between northern and southern Nigeria, between Christians and Muslims and between communities that have coexisted for centuries should be frowned upon and resisted. He was saying this in response to the accusation by Governor Sam Ortom of Benue State, following the incessant attacks by suspected Fulani herdsmen on Benue people. The governor had accused President Buhari of having no interest protecting the people as he is allegedly intent on working for the Fulani alone. The statement said: “The lives of fellow citizens should not be desecrated by deploying them in political diatribe which unfortunately appeared to be the intent of the string of emotional attacks and blame laid at the doors of the president for those killings by Governor Ortom. “President Buhari took an oath to defend the life and property of every citizen, a duty he takes seriously and is committed to ensuring. “Those citizens, regardless of their affiliations, who either incite, sponsor or are proven to be abettors of these atrocities will face the law squarely and be answerable for their crimes against our fellow citizens and nation.” The president stated his disappointment and sadness to hear Ortom “make a litany of accusations against his person and his government, following the recent unfortunate incidents in the state.” The statement added: “No responsible government takes pleasure in such events as the killing of the military and that of innocent citizens taking refuge in an internally displaced persons (IDP) camp.” The statement noted that President Buhari is deeply pained by the terrible acts of violence happening not only in Benue State but also in other parts of the country and expects that the law enforcement agencies will go to every possible extent to catch the perpetrators of these heinous acts and bring them to justice. “The future of Benue State and indeed that of the entire country lies in harmony and the respect for law, order and the constitution. It is the only way to achieve progress and development. “While the president will continue to keep security, police and the armed forces on their toes to be on top of their act in troubled parts of the country, the situation in the states will greatly be helped by everyone working together, because that is the foundation on which progress and prosperity can be achieved. “Benue under the Ortom administration ought to cooperate with the Federal Government in the implementation of a number of national strategies programmes in addressing underlying issues militating against peace, progress and development. “This can still get done when the interest of the people is placed above all other interests. A government voted into office by the people should treat the people as its masters and not as its servants,” it added. The president, however, expressed his condolences to the families of citizens who lost their loved ones in the recent spate of killings in the state SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.