Worried by the increasing cases of insecurity ravaging the country, the Federal Government has placed all the security forces on the red alert. A presidency source told the Nigerian Tribune in Abuja on Thursday that the action became necessary following various security reports on insurgents’ resolve to ignite unprecedented crises in some parts of the country, including Lagos, Rivers, Bayelsa, Sokoto, Kwara, Katsina, Kaduna, Oyo and other states as well as the Federal Capital Territory, (FCT), Abuja. The security forces, according to the source, include the Department of State Services (DSS), the Nigeria Police Force, (NPF), the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC); paramilitary agencies such as the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS) and the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC). The source hinted that personnel of the security forces are under strict instructions to keep an eagle eye on public institutions and installations across the states of the federation and Abuja. He added that the personnel were also instructed to keep vigil on the nation’s land borders, seaports and airports. In a swift response to the signal received by security operatives, there was heavy security presence at the National Assembly, Abuja, on Thursday. The combined security task force involving the Sergeant-at-Arms, Nigeria Police, FRSC, NSCDC and the DSS embarked on stop and search at the major entrance leading into the complex. Due to the heavy traffic caused by the exercise, lawmakers of both chambers, the Senate and the House of Representatives, staff and other motorists spent hours to access the complex. Further checks by the Nigerian Tribune showed that most of the installed security facilities at the main entrances into the complex were not functional, as the security operatives carried out manual checks of vehicles and pedestrians coming into the complex. This is just as the FCT police command, Abuja, reassured residents of adequate protection of lives and properties in the FCT and its environs. A statement made available to newsmen by the spokesperson for the command, ASP, Mariam Yusuf said the Commissioner of Police, Bala Ciroma had deployed overt and covert strategies to curb banditry and criminal activities, particularly on the borders of the territory. When the Nigerian Tribune went round the metropolis and its satellite towns on Thursday, there was heavy presence of security personnel on guard at strategic locations with regular patrol and checkpoints in place to check any influx of criminal elements. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.