The reigning Mrs World is facing a police inquiry in Sri Lanka after allegedly injuring the winner of the Mrs Sri Lanka beauty pageant during a dispute on the Sri Lankan winner’s marital status. Officials said this on Wednesday, Pushpika de Silva was named Mrs Sri Lanka on Sunday while Caroline Jurie, who holds the world title, was on hand to crown her. However, minutes after the winner was announced, a question came up about de Silva’s marital status. Video footage showed Jurie forcibly pulling off the crown, during which the winner allegedly sustained injuries. Only married women are eligible for these pageants. Jurie claimed that de Silva was found to be a divorced person and, therefore, not eligible to compete in the Mrs World event, set to be conducted later in 2021 in Sri Lanka. De Silva lives separately from her husband but has not been divorced. De Silva later went to the hospital, claiming she sustained head injuries because of the crown’s removal. She has lodged a police complaint and Jurie has been summoned by police. “We are conducting inquiries to ascertain whether criminal charges should be filed and the matter should be taken up in courts,’’ police spokesperson Ajith Rohana said. A spokesperson for the local organisers said that Jurie, also from Sri Lanka, has been instructed to make an apology. So far, no apology has been made. De Silva has since been recrowned as Mrs Sri Lanka. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts…  Mrs World faces police probe  ;  Mrs World faces police probe  ;  Mrs World faces police probe  ;  Mrs World faces police probe. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.