The acting Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, has ordered the immediate disbandment of the IGP Monitoring Satellite offices in Lagos and Port Harcourt, Rivers State with immediate effect. He disclosed this on Thursday in Abuja while speaking at his maiden meeting with police commissioners from the 36 states of the country and Federal Capital Territory as well as Assistant Inspectors General of Police (AIGs). The police boss stated that the IGP Monitoring Unit as a whole was being re-organised in line with his desire to give the nation the policing of their dream. Baba explaned that he took the action following complaints by the members of the public of harassment and operating beyond their briefs during investigations. According to him:”In furtherance to our reorganisation plans as well as our commitment to return to the basics in policing, I have directed the immediate reform of the 1GP Monitoring Unit. “This involves the disbandxnent of the satellite offices of the unit in Lagos and Port Harcourt, the streamlining of the personnel profile of the unit at the Force Headquarters to not more than 50 operatives and the banning of the unit from undertaking criminal investigations including taking over cases from state commands. “Under the current dispensation, the unit will only operate within their original mandate which 1s to investigate complaints of professional infractions that may be alleged against any serving officer and as may be referred to them by my office. “Similar repositioning initiatives are being worked out in relation to other ad hoc investigative units in the Force. This is with a view to restoring professionalism, address citizens’ concerns on rights abuses resulting from the existence and operations of these ad hoc police investigation units and to discourage duplication of police functions in a manner that encourages indiscipline and abuse of police process.” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.