Dr Joe Okei-Odumakin, the widow of the late spokesman of the pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, Yinka Odumakin, on Thurssday threatened to expose those who are using the name of her late husband to solicit for funds, asking them to desist from such act. There have been reports in the media about some people who have been going about soliciting for funds to ensure a befitting burial for Mr Odumakin, who was buried last Saturday, April 24. However, Dr Okei-Odumakin, in a statement she personally issued on behalf of the family on Friday, appealed to those who keep using her late husband’s name for wrong and selfish reasons to stop doing so, adding that though the family does not wish to call people out at this point, but it might be very direct if such abuse continues. The statement, entitled: “As our hero, Yinka Odumakin, goes to glory…” reads: “After a life dedicated to intense struggle for justice, fairness and natural identity, we reconcile ourselves to a great void which would not be filled. “We also dedicate ourselves to the duty of honouring his core convictions. It will be compulsory for us to go beyond piecemeal records to a compendium. A corpus that exhaustively sums up the essential Yinka Odumakin. “More importantly, a Yinka Odumakin Foundation shall be established to keep his benefits, his legacy to mankind beyond the grave. “But we must express our unceasing gratitude to everyone for uncommon outpouring of empathy, solidarity and support in many ways. “From the Federal Government to states and his friends, older and younger. His associates and comrades all too numerous to mention, we thank you all. We are grateful. “We must also appeal to those who keep using Yinka Odumakin’s name for wrong and selfish reasons to please stop. We do not wish to call people out at this point but we might be very direct if such abuse continues. “Once again we thank you all and pray that we share more cheering events ahead.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Yinka Odumakin’s wife threatens  Yinka Odumakin’s wife threatens Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Yinka Odumakin’s wife threatens  Yinka Odumakin’s wife threatens SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.