A dental expert, Dr Akinyele Adisa, says the belief that only sugar causes tooth decay is a misconception and intake of foods such as soft fried plantain can cause tooth decay when there is no brushing of teeth afterwards. Dr Adisa, a consultant oral pathologist, who spoke at the Nigerian Medical Association, Oyo State, March Continual Medical Education series with the theme “Be Proud of your Mouth”, said tooth decay can occur after taking foods such as soft fried plantain and not brushing at night. According to him, overnight, the bacteria in the mouth use the carbohydrate in the soft fried plantain to produce acids that dissolve and damage the teeth. He stated that the notion that individuals don’t need to visit the dentist unless they are in pain; that baby teeth are not important, or that oral health does not affect the rest of the body are also not factual and without any scientific basis. He said: “People believe that you don’t need to visit the dentist unless you are in pain because most people think that dentistry is all about the teeth. That is not the truth; there are several conditions that begin in the mouth as a painless condition and they are quite dangerous. That is why we advise twice-yearly visits to the dentist. “Baby teeth are important. The teeth, apart from the obvious function of chewing food, also serve as a space retainer. If the baby teeth are not there and the permanent ones erupt, the space becomes too small and they erupt overlapping each other.  Many persons will not want to smile because their teeth are overlapping. They will not be proud of their mouths.” Dr Adisa stressed the need for Nigerians to know the shape, colour, and size of their mouths, as well as how their mouth taste, in order to be able to detect anything odd early and to seek medical attention promptly. The expert said the opening of the bottles with the teeth, sucking of petrol with the mouth and nail-biting, were also acts that are neither appropriate nor suggestive of individuals who are proud of their mouth. Dr Adisa disclosed that oral health is very important for the preservation of the mind and body’s health as well as quality of life, even as he called on Nigerians to place serious values on their mouth to avert the nearly 3.5 billion cases of oral diseases that occur worldwide every year.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.