NIGERIA’S  Dana Air has decorated new Captains on its Boeing 737 aircraft, and other aircraft in its fleet, assuring its staff that it will continue to reward excellence and hard work. Decorating Captains Shina Agbelese and Ademola Akinyemi respectively in Lagos, the Chief Operating Officer of Dana Air, Mr Obi Mbanuzuo, said it was exciting to see the newly decorated young Nigerian pilots performing excellently, and doing amazingly well. According to Mbanuzuo; “It takes a lot to train pilots and with over 80 per cent of our pilots trained by Dana Air, we would continue to be a trailblazer in building capacity for homegrown pilots.  We are glad to be making a huge impact in this regard and contributing our quota to the growth and stability of the industry.” He congratulated the two Captains for their success and urged them to sustain the airline’s strict safety standards, and emphasis on professionalism. This is just as the airline has also announced that all its Pilots, Cabin Crew and Ground staff have all been vaccinated while that of its backend staff is ongoing in Lagos. Speaking on this, the Media and Communications Manager of Dana Air, Kingsley Ezenwa said: “all our pilots, cabin crew and ground staff have concluded their vaccination while that of our backend staff is ongoing. We had to ensure that all staff having regular interaction with our customers got vaccinated first to guarantee their safety and the safety of other backend staff and customers. “We are not letting the guards down as we still ensure that our customers keep the mask on while onboard, temperature checks done, sanitization before boarding, row by row disembarkation, and regular disinfection of the aircraft after every flight.” “At Dana Air, our commitment to the safety and well-being of our staff and customers is second to none and we will continue to provide safe, seamless and reliable air transport for the flying public,” he added.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in the net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.