The Military High Command on Monday said that the Troops of Operation Lafiya Dole deployed to Mainok, Borno State as part of the ongoing efforts to end insurgency activities in the area came under multi-directional attacks by Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists on Sunday, leaving one gallant officer and six soldiers dead while five other soldiers sustained various degrees of injuries This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Director, Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima. He stated that the insurgents who mounted an unconfirmed number of gun trucks, as well as foot soldiers with possible intent of establishing a phantom caliphate in the town, were held by the gallant troops of 156 Task Force Battalion until the arrival of reinforcement teams from 7 Division, Special Army Super Camp Ngamdu and Army Super Camp 4, Benesheik. According to him, “during the firefight which lasted several hours, the gallant troops tactically lured a number of the terrorists into a killing zone within their camp where the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole scrambled Alpha jets and helicopter gunship which took turns in decimating the already trapped terrorists. “Regrettably, one gallant officer and six soldiers paid the supreme sacrifice while five other soldiers sustained various degrees of injuries. “The wounded soldiers have already been evacuated to the military medical facility for treatment while gallant troops are in full control of Mainok and environ as exploitation for fleeing terrorists was ongoing.” Yerima added that the Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Ibrahim Attahiru, had applauded the troops for their resilience, commitment and doggedness and further reassured Nigerians of the Army’s unalloyed commitment to defeating Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists. The Army Chief urged the members of the public to always avail the troops with accurate and timely information for prompt action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.