Authorities of the Kebbi State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has set up a five-man investigative Committee to investigate the alleged extortion of money from an oil and gas businessman. The commandant of the Corps in the state, Suleiman Ibrahim Mararfa, disclosed this while addressing newsmen early in the week in his Office. Marafa who disclosed further that he read the story online that some of his men extorted money from an oil and gas businessman, explained that the story was strange to him as such practices have never been the tradition in Kebbi Command of the NSCDC, adding that the core value of the Corps is diligence and integrity. “I am not a party to such incident, I am not aware of it, and I doubt if any of my officers would indulge in such an illegal act, as the case may be, a five-man committed has been set up to investigate the allegation for appropriate action to be taken,” he said. While speaking with newsmen earlier, Mr Jimoh Abdulmumini who is a staff of Chidi Global Oil and Gas, Abuja has sorted the intervention of the Commandant General of the NSCDC to wade into the exterior by men of the Corps in Kebbi State. Abdulmumini alleged that some Officers of the Command arrested him and his truck driver while discharging their product to a customer in Jega town, Kebbi State. “A week ago, some operatives of the NSCDC led by one Yarima Magaji, arrested me and my truck loaded with AGO which was pure and legitimate with a genuine document, but they alleged that the document was faked and the products adulterated,” he stated. Abdulmumini stated further that “we are seeking the intervention of the Commandant-General in this case and the relevant stakeholders in this matter.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Kebbi NSCDC sets up five-man committee over alleged extortions Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Kebbi NSCDC sets up five-man committee over alleged extortions SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.