The University of Lagos MBA 83-84 class has invited Sir Demola Aladekomo to speak on the Socio-Economic Imperative of National Identity Management. Aladekomo, a Computer Engineer, is the Chairman of SmartCity Resorts Plc, Card Centre Nigeria Limited, Treasure-nest Limited, Crops Nigeria Limited, Chams Consortium Limited, Insider Concepts Limited and the founder of Chams Plc. The event, which comes up on Thursday April 15, 2021 by 4pm via Zoom  will be moderated by Professor Lere Baale, Chief Executive of Business School, Netherlands (BSN) in Nigeria. On his acceptance to participate, Aladekomo said an effective national identity management system is critical to the development of any economy. It provides a universal identification infrastructure for a country because it enables access and means to confirm the identity of individuals residing in a country. Referring to the study carried out by the World Bank, he further said the ability to prove one’s identity is a cornerstone of participation in modern life, yet over 1.5 billion people lack proof of legal identity. In most countries in Africa, like Nigeria, lack of strong foundational identity systems has often led to a proliferation of disconnected functional registers. Many are currently faced with the challenge of reverse-engineering civil registers and national IDs in order to improve efficiency and meet demand for identification services. At the centre of all this is human beings. It is expected the discourse will touch areas such as financial services, identity management, security, political stability & evolution, etc. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.