Multinational Telecommunications Company, Ericsson and African Telecommunications Union (ATU) have launched the first set of ATU spectrum recommendations. The recommendations focus on transforming Africa into a knowledge economy through the development of technologies that boosted connectivity and innovation. The spectrum recommendations were as a result of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Ericsson and ATU to help fast track  the roll out of technology across the continent. Speaking during the launch,  the ATU Secretary General,  Mr John Omo, said that the recommendations were a joint effort aimed at expediting the rollout of ICT-driven technologies for the development of digital economies in Africa. Ericsson, in a  statement last week, stated that the recommendations came at a time when Africa was looking to harness ICT-driven innovation, with a rapid rise in usage of technology and smartphone. “In Africa today, a limited amount of spectrum is allocated to the mobile industry as well as other sectors of communication to facilitate the transmission of wireless signals. “The launched spectrum recommendations outline the importance of awarding the radio spectrum in countries across Africa in a timely, predictable and cost-effective fashion. “This is so to support affordable, high-quality delivery of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) services and spur smart technology initiatives,” it said. It said the recommendations also established the idea that licencing should be technology-neutral and allow for service innovations. “The new spectrum recommendations further encourage African countries to enable spectrum sharing by giving licencees the right to share their spectrum voluntarily through various means such as trading and national roaming agreements,” it said. President of Ericsson, Middle East Africa, Mr Fadi Pharaon said: “Fostering agility and innovation from next generation ICT infrastructure is important for Africa’s growth and sustainability.” He reiterated the importance of spectrum management strategies highlighted in the recommendations that they could  be considered as opportunities to accelerate Africa’s digitisation and set Africa in motion. “Following the launch of the recommendations, ATU will work with countries and all stakeholders across the continent to support the implementation process. “The aim is for African countries to release the recommended spectrum and licence it to the national telecommunications operators in a cost-effective manner.” “This will enable the Customer Service Providers (CSPs) to serve the demands of increasing communication needs and prepare them to deliver new technologies such as 5G, which looks to revolutionise industries, enterprises and consumers alike,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.