The proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has dismissed the alleged plans by its security outfit, Eastern Security Network (ESN), to attack banks and other financial institutions in the South-East zone of Nigeria for the purpose of acquiring money to purchase arms as false information. The group described the information as propaganda by the security agencies to blackmail and dent the global reputation of the security network. The group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, in a statement, said IPOB assured financial institutions in the zone of their safety, just as it warned the security agencies to desist from spreading such propaganda. The statement reads: “We the global family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great and indomitable leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, wish to put banks in Biafra land on notice of a wicked plot by the Nigeria security agencies to harm them. “Our intelligence unit has uncovered fabricated propaganda by the Department of State Services DSS, that Eastern Security Network,(ESN) is planning to attack banks in Biafra land to acquire money to purchase arms. “DSS is propelling this wicked propaganda all in a bid to blackmail ESN and IPOB and dent our global reputation. We, therefore, wish to debunk this falsehood and blatant lie from the pit of hell. “IPOB and ESN are not criminals and we have no plans or agenda to touch any institution particularly banks. We are not looking for money to buy arms because we produce our arms locally and cannot attack or kidnap anybody for ransom. “We don’t inflict pains on the people we are fighting for their freedom. DSS must stop this rubbish and engage their time on something more meaningful. This poor script cannot fly. “IPOB and ESN are very disciplined groups, and we cannot indulge in armed robbery against any individual or group. ESN has never left its mandate which is to defend Biafra land against Fulani terrorists and killer herdsmen. “All banks in Biafraland must be wary of DSS because it is possible they are planning to sponsor attacks on banks and turn around, as usual, to blame it on IPOB and ESN operatives. “The double-faced Nigerian security agencies have been staging this kind of attacks in so many places and later point accusing fingers at IPOB and ESN. “They have tried to blame the attacks on security formations in South East on us but now it is obvious that we are innocent of that, they have quickly changed tact in their desperation to blackmail us and find a cheap excuse to declare another special military operation in the zone. Our people should be smart and not buy into their tricks. “We are waiting for any group of armed robbers who would attempt to attack any bank in Biafraland an attempt to tarnish the reputation of IPOB and ESN. Such band of criminals and their sponsors will regret their action. “We assure every resident and institution including banks in Biafra land of their safety. We will help resist these criminals the DSS is arranging to attack banks in the name of ESN and IPOB.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE IPOB dismisses allegation of financial institution attack in South-east We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  IPOB dismisses allegation of financial institution attack in South-east SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.