The 10-year-old wedlock between a couple, Sakirat Oriola and Sakiru Oriola has been dissolved by Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State. Sakirat who dragged her husband to court complained of irresponsibility, lack of care and threat to her life by the latter. According to the plaintiff, the defendant always threatened to pour acid on her any time they fought. Sakirat told the court her life was no longer safe with her husband. She thus prayed the court to stop their marriage. The defendant did not come to court despite being served a court summon and hearing. Sakirat stated that, “it is better to live without a husband than stay under the same roof with Sakiru. “My husband is irresponsible and a difficult person to live with. “Sakiru does not  carry any responsibility in the home. He doesn’t care if our children lived or died. “My husband does not know how we survive each day. He doesn’t know how we eat or what we eat. I feed our children with the little proceeds from my business and he expects me to feed him also. “Sakiru is not interested in our children’s education. He would always direct them to me whenever they request from him their school fees. “I was the one who enrolled our three children in school and have been meeting the demands of their education. My husband does not know what classes our children are. “We have quarreled over this issue on many occasions but he has refused to change. Rather than show appreciation for covering up his lapses in the home, he took to accusing me of being unfaithful to him. “Sakiru spends his income on alcohol. His day is made when he drinks himself to stupour. “He goes wild when drunk and turns the whole house upside down. “He always threatens to pour acid on me or kill me. “My lord, my life is not safe with my husband. If I don’t leave him, he will one day make his real his threat. “I entreat this court to rule that we go our different ways and put our children in my care, but make him responsible for their upkeep, “the plaintiff stated. Giving his judgment after he had heard the plaintiff, the court president, Chief Ademola Odunade, stated that it was obvious the defendant was not ready to save his marriage since he refused to come to court after being served two summonses. Ruling, Odunade dissolved their marriage and granted custody of their three children to the plaintiff. The defendant was ordered to give the plaintiff N15,000 every month for their children’s upkeep and also be responsible for their education and health care. A copy of the judgment was asked to be served the defendant.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery  ;  police foil bank robbery.  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.