African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) has announced the closing of a $1 billion facility for the Bank of Industry, Nigeria’s state-owned development bank. The Facility, according to the multilateral financial institution, provides much needed support to Nigerian businesses across key sectors. It explained in a press release on its website that the loan “is the largest international syndicated loan to a Nigerian financial institution since the onset of the pandemic-induced economic difficulties.” The transaction was jointly arranged with Credit Suisse and involved a syndicate of 27 investors. President of Afreximbank, Prof. Benedict Oramah, said: “Afreximbank is pleased to have once again worked with its partners to facilitate access to international finance at a time it is most needed. The Bank of Industry is a pivotal development finance institution in Nigeria under able leadership. We are proud to have been given the opportunity once again”. Afreximbank, along with Credit Suisse, acted as Joint Coordinating Mandated Lead Arrangers (MLAs), Underwriters and Bookrunners. This transaction follows a previous €1 billion syndicated facility for Bank of Industry, which closed in March 2020 Afreximbank was the facility agent and security trustee. The Africa Finance Corporation, Rand Merchant Bank, SMBC, and the Export Import Bank of China also joined the deal as Mandated Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners. This transaction follows a previous €1 billion syndicated facility for BoI, which closed in March 2020. Given the current adverse market conditions, the transaction constitutes a significant achievement for the parties involved. Importantly, the deal demonstrates the capacity of financial institutions to continue their vital activities during the pandemic and their positive attitude to African risks. The $750 million underwriting provided by Afreximbank and Credit Suisse, which provided the Bank of Industry with certainty of funds, distinguishes this transaction as amongst the few debt financings to be underwritten since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Afreximbank is a Pan-African multilateral financial institution with the mandate of financing and promoting intra-and extra-African trade. Afreximbank was established in October 1993 and owned by African governments, the African Development Bank and other African multilateral financial institutions as well as African and non-African public and private investors. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 5,571 fresh COVID-19 infections which is now the highest weekly cases the country has ever recorded, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided