A Mechanical Engineering graduate of the Delta State Polytechnic (Delta Poly), Otefe-Oghara, Delta State, Mr Friday Abiligo Orhomre, has reportedly drowned in Ughoton River, Okpe Local Government Area of Delta State. Sketchy reports say the speedboat his mother and siblings were travelling in capsized while they were returning from the farm. While Friday who completed his compulsory NYSC service year in October 2020 reportedly drowned his mother and siblings were said to have navigated the tide to the shore. The young man was said to have objected to making the trip to farm earlier but was encouraged by some of his family members. Sources said divers have begun to search the river to locate the graduate. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, could not be reached as of the time of filing the report for confirmation and details. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!