Three students of the Lagos State University College of Medicine, LASUCOM, have tested positive for COVID-19 disease leading to the shutting down of the school by its management to curtail the spread of the virus. The affected students, according to a statement signed by the Coordinator, Centre for Information Press and Public Relations, CIPPR, Mr Ademola Adekoya on Thursday had since been isolated and undergoing treatment. Excerpt from the statement reads, “Roommates of the three students who tested positive and their associates are being tested; the College already isolated the affected three (3) students and has commenced contact tracing of all affected students. “The hostel facilities were immediately closed for decontamination upon confirmation of the status of the affected students; all students of the College have been advised to proceed home to self-isolate for the next fourteen (14) days from where their health status will be monitored by the College. Phone numbers/contacts of all students are already obtained to that effect. Any students showing symptoms at home are to contact the College through dedicated lines for necessary assistance/treatment. “Meanwhile, the College has handed treatment packs to all three who tested positive; the College is also providing psychological support to the three students who tested positive and their roommates. “Parents, guardians and the general public are assured that the safety of all staff and students is of top priority and the Lagos State University as a whole will continue to enforce compliance with Covid-19 guidelines and protocols to ensure the safety of all within her campuses. “Management also again enjoins all students, staff and the general public to take personal responsibility and continue to observe Covid-19 guidelines as the virus is real and deadly.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…LASU students test positive  LASU students test positive 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..LASU students test positive NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!