THE Veterinary Council of Nigeria has stated that poor funding, obsolete and outdated laws and legislations are the major challenges militating against the full realisation of its mandates. The Council members who stated this in a  communique issued at the end of the retreat held for council members in Abuja noted that lack of effective administrative structure in the Council is another challenge militating against its growth. According to the communique, “There is a lack of synergy leading to disconnect in the operation of different professional groups in the animal health sector leading to non-optimal service delivery. The communique read in part: “Standard,  focus and delivery of veterinary Continuing Education Programme (CEP) of the council, over the years, has dwindled making it unable to meet CEP original set objectives and expectations. “There is a lack of sound administrative structure of the College of Veterinary Surgeons, Nigeria (CVSN) leading to the inability of the College to deliver on its set mandates. While noting that there is lack of well structured regional integration and collaboration on veterinary matters that would open up opportunities for veterinarians in the ECOWAS sub-region and beyond,  the Council resolved to digitalise the veterinary activities and practice. It, however, reiterated the need to urgently restructure the veterinary council of Nigeria to meet both current and future needs of the profession and review laws to meet current realities. It also said it would seek means of improving its funding status through the increased governmental budgetary provision, internally generated revenue drive,  collaborative grants and donations from corporate organisations, donor agencies and development partners. It further said it would vigorously pursue the realisation of the establishment of the Veterinary Specialist Hospital,  Abuja project, pursue regional integration of Veterinary activities, job creation in public service for young veterinarians and to create enabling environment for private veterinary practice. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on people-oriented programmes to save his government from going… As The Clock Of 2021 Begins To Tick… Politicians That May Change The Face Of Nigerian Politics Year 2020 was dominated by existential threat to human survival occasioned by a global pandemic, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The nation lost some of its best and brightest in politics and the corporate world. The anxiety thrown up  by the virus could, however, not deter men of power from plying their vocations… Letter To Bishop Kukah Dear Bishop, WHEN I met you in Calabar three years ago at Southern Senators Retreat, you were still as fresh as the very Father Kukah I met in Lagos in the dangerous days of Sani Abacha when fear reigned over the land. Those were the years the Catholic church whose secretariat you headed led us to pray for Nigeria in distress… Let’s Talk About S3x, The Kaduna S3x When audacity of immorality is at issue, the celebrated case of Smith v Hughes is always referenced. It is also used to explain the mischief rule in law. By the 19th century, the English society had become so notorious for the infiltration and embarrassment caused it by commercial s3x workers on the streets of London. Prostitution… [ICYMI] After 20 Years, Alaafin Visits Soun, Duo Sues For Peace The duo of Alaafin of Oyo and Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III and Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III  have called on Nigerians to embrace peace and harmony in a bid to move the country forward. The visit of the Alaafin to the Soun of Ogbomoso came 20 years after the Alaafin visited the Soun’s palace… Covid-19 And PTF’s Mandate Extension The world is faced with a second and potentially more malicious wave of the coronavirus pandemic and countries are frenetic in their efforts to curtail the spread. Added to the new wave is a new strain of the virus that has been reported to have the propensity to spread faster than the original one. While it may not… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!