United Nations member states have renewed their commitment with the adoption of UN Resolution 72/327[1] that declares 2021 as the International Year for the Elimination of Child Labour. The International Labour Organization (ILO) said in 2021, the global community fighting child labour and forced labour will need to address the challenges posed by COVID-19 and accelerate progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) targets in 2025 and 2030. It said the 2021 international year will propel momentum towards the V Global Conference on Child Labour (VGC) that will take place in South Africa in 2022, where stakeholders will share experiences and make additional commitments towards ending child labour in all its forms by 2025, and forced labour, human trafficking and modern slavery by 2030. The ILO pointed out that the concept is to organize an event that is engaging a wide range of stakeholders and which is structured more like an entertaining programme than a panel discussion. It said: “The event will set a proactive tone for the year ahead by asking stakeholders what they are doing to end child labour. The event will be hosted by a moderator who will start by having a conversation with keynote speakers, followed by various stakeholders announcing concrete actions that they will undertake in 2021. “It will end with some suggestions on how everyone can engage throughout 2021. Videos and graphics will be used throughout to maintain the audience’s interest.” The objective, according to ILO is to engage a broad multi-stakeholder community and to kick-start momentum for the 2021 International Year for the Elimination of Child Labour. It is also to present the concept of the “2021 Action Pledges” and how stakeholders can engage throughout the year with the three stages of Act, Inspire and Scale Up. Besides, it will give visibility to Alliance 8.7 as the global partnership to achieve Target 8.7, acknowledge the ILO as the facilitator of the International Year, and engage other key stakeholders. The organization said: “2021 is for children. It is the International Year for the Eilmination of Child Labour. It is a special year in which actors can turn commitments into action and put the world on a trajectory to end child labour in all its forms by 2025, and forced labour, human trafficking and modern slavery by 2030. “Covid-19 may revert years of progress in the global fight against child labour. It will require collective action to protect children in the crisis response and recovery.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!