Andrew JésùSégun Mackenzie, the founder and creative director of JésùSégunlondon, a luxurious shoemaking company in London has noted that making shoes is his passion. The shoemaker revealed that he loves making shoes and he tasks himself by making his next design better than the previous one. “Creativity is my prowess and the creation of masterpieces my forte, designing has been ingrained into my soul, my pieces are afforded unstinted attention to detail,” he said. Born and raised in London to Nigerian parents, he revealed that his passion for shoemaking began when he spent some time in Italy, the fashion capital of the world, where he enrolled on a shoe-making course. He said: “In 2016, I founded JésùSégunlondon and since its humble beginnings, JésùSégunlondon shoes have been worn by notable celebrities including rapper 50 Cent, ‘Stranger Things’ star, Noah Schnapps, Joe Lo Truglio of Brooklyn Nine-Nine fame, UK comedian/actor Richard Blackwood and Ghanaian actor, Michael Blackson.” His designs have also been featured in international fashion shows, he said, “JésùSégunlondon’s designs have also been showcased during New York, London and Africa fashion weeks.” ALSO READ: COVID-19: Lagos oxygen demand hits 360 cylinders per day ― Sanwo-Olu The shoemaker noted that with the success of his brand in London, he aims to replicate it in Africa. “Our showroom is currently under construction at the Kempiski Hotel Accra Ghana and we anticipate launching an outlet in Lagos/Abuja for 2022. After we have established our business in Nigeria we will move to other African countries,” Mackenzie said. He continued, “We were established in 2016 and quickly attained a reputation for being bold, luxurious and the epitome of statement pieces. Each shoe is designed with unrivalled attention to detail with experienced artisans delivering far beyond aesthetics because we believe that quality, beauty and comfort should work hand in hand.” Speaking about how the COVID-19 pandemic affected his business, he said that he had to improvise. “The global pandemic naturally affected the business but this is not an impediment, we improvised. Our clients are loyal and consistent. The year has been hectic, coming from London, we have been on lockdown most of the year,” he said. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     Meet JésùSégun Mackenzie, Nigerian who makes shoes for 50 cent, Hollywood celebs CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided