Yet-to-be-identified assailants suspected to be cultists have reportedly axed a male student of the Delta State Polytechnic, Oghara, Ethiope West Local Government Area, to death. The incident was said to have happened on Saturday evening on campus. Details of the identity of the deceased and the killing were still scanty as of the time of filing the report but there were speculations that the killing could be cult-related. The Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who confirmed the incident on Sunday evening, said: “It is true. The report is that the girl (girlfriend of deceased) said she and her boyfriend went to settle scores with one lecturer somewhere and as they were coming out of the place, about four people dragged the boyfriend into the bush. “She was the one that ran to the police to report. When the police got there, whether he was stabbed with an axe and all those things. “So, police took him to the hospital and doctor confirmed that he was already dead,” the PPRO said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!