Cholera outbreak in Bomadi and Burutu communities in the creek of Delta State has claimed over 20 lives in the last two weeks. Over 200 persons most of whom are children have been affected by the water-borne disease even as records at the public hospitals in the two Local Government Areas showed an alarming increase in the numbers of victims streaming in for medical attention. An impeccable source in the ministry of health, however, on Wednesday, put the casualty figure at seven and cases recorded at 150 as at January 16, 2020, while collation of new cases and analysis of samples are in progress. Worst hit communities in Bomadi council area are Tuomo, Tamigbe and Gberegolor where it was reported that some of the victims die before getting to the hospital in Bomadi town. Tribune Online gathered that officials of the state ministry of health and primary health development agency have already moved in to contain the situation. ALSO READ: APC membership exercise: There will be sanctions for sabotage ― Governor Buni Report from the areas said the cause of the disease is not unconnected with the water available to residents as those who could not afford clean water resort to the polluted Forcados river or wells. “Here in Bomadi, we drink from this river that is the only source of water. You can see how dirty the river is. Some persons also rely on their shallow wells or ponds, this is the cause of this cholera,” a resident, Mr Charles Ebiye said. According to him, the community can not explain the delay by the state government to put the multi-million naira water project in the area into use. The state commissioner for health, Dr Ononye Mordi, who confirmed the outbreak said the residents drink water with a high level of iron content adding that efforts were in top gear by the state government to unlock the water project and make the precious liquid available and affordable in the locality. Dr Mordi said medical teams were on top of the situation adding that vaccination of the citizens had commenced. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cholera claims 20 lives in Delta communities Nigeria Recorded 70 COVID-19 Deaths Last Week – Highest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 70 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in six months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 78 deaths reported in the 30th week of the pandemic (July 19 – July 25)… Cholera claims 20 lives in Delta communities CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided