Delta State House of Assembly has lost its Majority leader, Barr Tim Owhefere. The representative of Isoko North constituency died, on Wednesday, night January 27, 2021, at the Federal Medical Center, Asaba at the age of 57. Barr Owhefere, a fourth-term lawmaker, and a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was rushed to the hospital for health complications, on Wednesday night. In his tribute yesterday, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa expressed shock and sadness over the sudden demise of the Majority Leader. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Barr Olisa Ifeajika, on Thursday in Asaba, the governor described Tim Owhefere as “a committed, hardworking, patriotic and thorough-bred lawmaker” who served the state and his constituents diligently. He said that the deceased lawmaker would be long remembered for his outstanding humility, patriotism and commitment in handling the affairs of the Assembly as House Leader from 2015. ALSO READ: Website asking Nigerians to verify NIN-SIM status is fraudulent “The late Tim Owhefere died when his services to the state and nation were most needed. “We mourn our fallen lawmaker who gave his best in service to God and humanity. “He was a committed and hardworking legislator, who championed the course of his people of Isoko in particular and the state,” the governor said. He added that Owhefere was a “cerebral lawmaker with enviable competence and a pride to the legislative institution’’, saying that Delta would miss the competence, dexterity and sagacity of the renowned lawmaker. He said since the emergence of Owhefere as the Majority Leader of the House, he did not leave anyone in doubt as to his capacity to handle matters of development and progress of the state. “Owhefere brought his vast knowledge, experience and worthy ideals to bear in the discharge of the functions of his office as House Leader. “It is on record that the good and harmonious working relationship between the Executive and Legislature in the state was attributable to his ability to navigate the contours of the Assembly as its Leader. “On behalf of the government and people of Delta, I send my profound commiseration to the Right Honourable Speaker of the Delta State House of Assembly, Chief Sheriff Oborevwori, members of the House, the people of Isoko North Constituency and the entire Isoko nation over the demise of Tim Kome Owhefere. “As we mourn his passage, may Almighty God give his family, Akiewhe-Owhe community, friends, constituents and associates the fortitude to bear the loss,” the governor stated. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE   SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!