Tragedy struck in the early hours of Monday at Zaki Biam in Wadata area of Makurdi, Benue State capital when an 18-year-old girl allegedly set her boyfriend, Chidimma Omah ablaze. The girl identified as Esther Alex had around 2:00 am stormed her boyfriend’s house and poured petrol on it and set the house ablaze. Omah was said to have been severely burnt before help could reach him. An eyewitness who did not want to be mentioned said, “the lovebirds have been having a misunderstanding. But around 2:00 am today (Monday) we heard a loud noise which woke people up and we later discovered that a house was burning.” Nigerian Tribune learnt that neighbours later rescued the young man who has been taken to the Federal Medical Center in Makurdi for treatment. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) for Benue Command, DSP Catherine Anene, confirmed the incident. Anene said that the 18-year-old poured petrol around the victim’s one-room apartment before setting it on fire. Anene said the girl has been arrested and brought into the police custody at the time of sending this report. “We don’t know yet why she did that. We are yet to question her but I can confirm that she (girl) has been arrested and just brought to our custody. “The incident happened about 2:00am today (Monday) at ZakiBiam street in Wadata. We will let you know further details,” the PPRO added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!