First City Monument Bank (FCMB) has announced that Yemisi Edun will act as managing director, while the Managing Director, Adam Nuru, proceeds on leave. This is according to a statement from the management of FCMB. It stated, “In line with normal corporate practice, Mrs Yemisi Edun is acting as the managing director of FCMB in the interim period while Mr Adam Nuru is on leave, and the Board conducts its review of the allegations.” The management noted that, “She has not been appointed as the substantive Managing Director. “As and when the Board completes its review of the allegations, we will provide an update.” Edun has hitherto been the bank’s executive director, finance. It will be recalled that Adam Nuru has of recent been embroiled in a crisis involving a former staff of the bank, Moyo Thomas and her late husband, Tunde Thomas. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided