The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has extolled the Governor of Sokoto State, the Vice Chairman of the Nigeria Governors Forum, Chairman of PDP Governors’ Forum and former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, as he attains the age of 55. A statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary in Abuja on Saturday, described Tambuwal “an outstanding nationalist, democrat and excellent administrator, who has continued to demonstrate an unmatched patriotism and commitment towards the stability and growth of our dear nation as well as our great party, the PDP. “ The PDP said it was particularly proud of Tambuwal for his selflessness in service leading to his excellent performance as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and now as governor of Sokoto State, “where he has elevated the quality of life of his people through landmark infrastructural development and empowerment of citizens in all spheres of life.” The statement added: “Our party also appreciates Governor Tambuwal’s loyalty, humility and sacrificial contributions to the stability, growth and success of our party, particularly his performance as the Chairman of the PDP Governor’s Forum, where he had brought his experience and administrative skills to bear in strengthening the unity and oneness of purpose in our fold. “The PDP family heartily celebrates Governor Tambuwal on this auspicious milestone in his life and prays that the Almighty Allah will continue to bless him with many more years in good health and wisdom so that our dear nation will continue to benefit from his patriotic service to our fatherland and humanity at large.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories.. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided