The Dutch Government was sharply criticised by the opposition as well as coalition party members for starting the vaccination against COVID-19  late at an extraordinary parliamentary meeting on Tuesday. Legislators accused Prime Minister Mark Rutte and Health Minister Hugo de Jonge of failing with regard to the vaccination campaign, which is to start on Wednesday – two weeks later than in all other European countries. This was “embarrassing,” said populist right-wing lawmaker Geert Wilders. “This is not a strategy but chaos.” Lodewijk Asscher, leader of the Social Democrat faction, also spoke of “chaos.” “We have heard every excuse,” he added. Mark Rutte admitted to making mistakes, saying the government bet on the approval of the AstraZeneca/Oxford University vaccine, which is easier to distribute via general practitioners. That vaccine has, however, not yet been approved by the EU. Instead, the vaccine developed by BioNTech and Pfizer was approved before Christmas, but the vaccination centres necessary to administer the jab – which has to be stored at very low temperatures – are not fully ready in the Netherlands. “The capacity will be progressively increased in the next weeks,” Rutte said. Country-wide vaccinations are only to start next week, while 280,000 doses currently remain in storage. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided