A former Minister of Youths and Sports Development and former Chairman of the National Sports Commission, Senator Bala Ka’oje, is dead. He was aged 60. Ka’oje died on Tuesday morning of an undisclosed ailment and his remains were interred according to Islamic rites on Tuesday evening in Abuja. He was born in Kebbi State on September 20, 1960. Speaking on the death of the former minister, the current Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Mr Sunday Dare, described his death as a huge loss to the sports industry and the country at large. The minister said this in a statement by his Special Adviser (Media), Mr John Joshua-Akanji, on Tuesday in Abuja. “It is shocking to learn about the death of former Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Bala Ka’oje. “So sad that Nigeria has lost a very illustrious son who served this country meritoriously. “His death has robbed Nigeria of another bright mind and committed public servant. This is not just a loss to his family and friends, but the country in general. “He made his mark while serving as Minister of Youth and Sports,” Dare said. The minister described Ka’oje as a multi-talented man who served his people and the country with his mind and might. Also, the he Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) in a statement on Tuesday by its General Secretary, Mohammed Sanusi, expressed shock and sadness at the passing of the former minister. He described the deceased as “a dignified and unassuming public servant who showed great passion and interest in the development and improvement of Nigeria sports.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 70 COVID-19 Deaths Last Week – Highest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 70 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in six months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 78 deaths reported in the 30th week of the pandemic (July 19 – July 25)… Senator Bala Ka’oje, ex-Sports Minister, dies at 60 [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Senator Bala Ka’oje, ex-Sports Minister, dies at 60 CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided