SOME hoodlums in Tapa in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on Tuesday attacked personnel of Amotekun, burnt their patrol van and destroyed their office in the community. Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source that the Amotekun personnel, who were on the trail of suspected kidnappers in the community on Tuesday, were accosted by the hoodlums who attacked them. The source said the hoodlums, who were suspected to be informants to kidnappers, shot at the Amotekun personnel, who responded by firing back. “In the process, three of the hoodlums were killed, while the others made it look as if Amotekun personnel had killed indigenes of the town. “Immediately, they burnt down the Amotekun patrol van and destroyed the agency’s office in the town. “Not done, they began moving round the town, burning the houses and properties of Amotekun personnel in the town. “Personnel of Operation Burst are already in the town to restore order,” the source said. Efforts to get an official confirmation from the spokesperson of Amotekun proved abortive as his phone was not connecting. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided