Police in Katsina State have arrested a man who allegedly sold 10,000 arms and ammunition to bandits. It was gathered that the man was arrested alongside two of his sons and three other suspects. The suspect, Haruna Yusuf confessed to have sold over 10,000 arms and ammunition to bandits in the forest. Parading the suspects at the command headquarters, the state commissioner of police, Sanusi Buba, said the arrest of the culprits followed credible intelligence report received by his command. “A credible intelligence led to the arrest of one Lawan Zayyana, aged 35yrs of Muduru village, Mani LGA of Katsina state, a notorious bandit and arms and ammunition supplier to bandits in the forest. “In the course of an investigation, his cohorts; namely: Haruna Yusuf, 47 of Sawarya village, Kaita LGA of Katsina state; Haruna Adamu, 35 and Auwal Abubakar, aged 28 both of Maduru village, Mani LGA of Katsina State were arrested. “Consequently, Haruna Yusuf confessed to being the gang leader as he usually received the supply of arms and ammunition from Niger Republic and hands over to Lawan Zayyana, Haruna Adamu, and Auwal Abubakar who, in turn, took the supply to bandits in the forest.” He added that more suspected bandits including two biological sons of Haruna Yusuf were arrested in his house. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!