A Customs officer on Thursday was found dead in a hotel room located on Oyo Road, Nomansland, Kano. According to a source, the Customs officer often lodged at the hotel away from his Zango, Daura, Katsina base, each time he visits Kano for an undisclosed mission. The source further disclosed that the late Customs officer arrived Kano on Wednesday evening and lodged at the hotel. It was however stated that when he arrived, he confided with the hotel attendants that his was indisposed and requested one of the attendants to buy him a tin of milk, complaining that he was suffering from a lingering stomach ulcer. The source hinted that as soon as he took delivery of the tin of milk, his condition deteriorated, a situation that prevented him from taking the drugs before he went to bed on the said night. He said on Thursday morning, the Customs officers failed to open his door as he usually did. This compelled the hotel attendants to force open the door. They found him lying lifeless on the floor, with the tin of milk, a loaf of bread and his drugs beside him. Following this, according to the source, the hotel management rushed to the nearest Nomansland police station to report the incident. He said, ”A team of security operatives from Nomansland police station promptly came to the hotel and conveyed his lifeless body in their Toyota Hilux to an undisclosed location.” Attempts to get the State Police Command spokesman, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, to confirm the incident as at the time of filing this report failed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!