A Magistrate Court sitting in Benin City, Edo State has sentenced Mr Adeshina Adeyemo, a tricycle operator, to three months imprisonment for assaulting Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) personnel and stripping himself naked along Benin / Sapele road in July 2020. He was said to have attacked Corps’ patrol operatives and damaging patrol vehicle belonging to FRSC. FRSC spokesperson, Mr Bisi Kazeem, in a statement on Thursday in Abuja said Mr Adeshina was arraigned with a case file number MEV/117C/2020 before His Worship, Snr Magistrate F. Ojehumen of the Evbuoriaria Magistrate Court B on a 2 count charge bordering on conducting himself in a manner likely to cause breach of public peace; and for maliciously damaging FRSC patrol vehicle during patrol operations along Sapele-Benin road on July 16, 2020. Giving the judgement by His Worship on the matter, the defendant was found guilty as charged, but in line with the 2019 sentencing guidelines, the magistrate noted that he was entitled to Allocutus, as such, the sentence was mitigated. On the first count charge, the accused is to pay the sum of N5000 or one month imprisonment, and N41,000 or two months imprisonment for the second charge and both sentence are to run concurrently. The defendant who failed to meet the option of fine has been taken into custody at the Nigeria Correctional Service in Benin City. The spokesman said that the matter which was first presented before His Worship on July 22, 2020 when the defendant pleaded not guilty, witnessed over four subsequent appearances before it was finally adjourned on October 19, 2020 due to the #EndSARS protest to January 11, 2021 when the verdict was pronounced. Explaining why he was prosecuted, Kazeem recalled that the rider who was apprehended for committing the offences of driving against traffic, driving without a valid driver’s license and under the influence of alcohol, went berserk at the point of arrest, stripped himself naked, and started throwing obstacles on both personnel and the patrol vehicle and at some point, even dragged the patrol operatives in uniform. This act of incivility and disrespect to public officers saw him destroying the staff’s uniform and not only damaged the windscreen of the patrol car but disfigured the bonnet and other body parts with mud and stone before he was finally arrested, detained in Etete Police Station before charging him to court. Reacting to the judgement, the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi commended the judiciary for quick dispensation of justice, noting that these like other judgements is an indication and strong warning to perpetrators that no member of the public who damages FRSC property, no matter how small will be spared. While lamenting the attacks on FRSC personnel which often result in loss of lives of patrolmen on the highways, the Corps Marshal warned the motoring community, particularly the recalcitrant citizens who have made it habitual to attack security agencies to desist from such henceforth or face the wrath of the law squarely. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!