Gunmen have killed one herder, Ado Hassan while grazing on Matseyi village of Atyap Chiefdom of Zango Kataf local government area of Kaduna State on Sunday. The incident according to security update issued by the commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan was reported to the state government by military (Operation Thunder Strike). According to the statement, troops responded to a report of a farm destroyed in the village on Sunday afternoon and arrived at the scene to discover that Hassan had been shot dead by unknown persons. It said initial investigations into the killing led to the arrest of three persons, David Kure, Peter Adamu and Bulus Duniya. “Further investigations yielded to the arrest of two others – Matthew Peter and Yohanna Chawai. “The arrested suspects are undergoing preliminary investigation. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai expressed dismay at the killing and sent condolences to the family of the herder while praying for the repose of his soul. “He urged citizens to eschew jungle justice and embrace recourse to the law in the face of any incursion or offence, and further tasked security agencies to conduct thorough investigations into the killing.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided