The commencement of the Expanded Special Public Works Programme of the Federal Government has attracted the commendation of Delta State government. Giving the commendation at the official flag-off of the programme for the South-South Geopolitical zone in Asaba, Gov Ifeanyi Okowa also applauded President Muhammadu Buhari for not making the exercise a political issue adding that the program would help curb unemployment in the country. 774,000 jobs are being created across the country through the program with Delta state having 25,000 based on the number of local government areas. Represented by the State Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu, the governor advised the beneficiaries to see the opportunity as their little beginning while looking to the unveiling of similar projects to engage more Nigerians out of poverty. He enjoined the beneficiaries in y state to see this as an opportunity to grow the economy of the state and nation. “Here in Delta, we have also engaged several youths into our various jobs creation platforms. We have scaled this up by engaging over five ministries in this regard. “We look forward to much more collaborative efforts between the Federal Government and the State Government. “Let me appreciate President Muhammadu Buhari for not making this project and program a political one because hunger and poverty do not know political party. ALSO READ: Couple, one other abducted in Ondo “When you check the economic effects of this programme, you will appreciate the fact that in Delta alone, 25,000 indigenes are benefiting from the programme. “When you also look at the multiplier effect of N20,000 per 1,000 beneficiaries across the 774 local government areas bringing the number to the 774,000 persons you’re talking about N15 billion being put into the Nigerian economy currently in the hands of the poorest of the poor,” Governor Okowa stated. In a keynote address, Honourable Minister of State, Ministry of Labour and Employment, Chief Festus Keyamo, SAN said the Extended Special Public Works Programme is an outcome of the Pilot Special Public Works Programme in the rural areas approved by President Muhammadu Buhari and implemented by the NDE in the early part of the year 2020. Keyamo who was represented by the Executive Director, Cabotage Services, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, NIMASA, Victor Ochei, said the programme was aimed at shielding the most vulnerable from the ravaging effects of COVID-19 pandemic which include pervasive hunger, poverty, environmental degradation and joblessness. Earlier in his welcome address, Acting Director-General, National Directorate of Employment (NDE) Mallam Abubakar Fikpo, said the programme was a significant step in Nigeria’s quest to win the war against mass unemployment as well as to ameliorate the effect of COVID-19 pandemic. Represented by the Delta State Coordinator of the NDE, Mr Anthony Olu, said the Extended Special Public Works (SPW) programme was designed as a veritable tool through which the lives of 774,000 unemployed Nigerians will be positively touched in the next three months. He said beyond the monetary compensation to the beneficiaries, the communities will receive a facelift through the activities of the participants as they will engage in various community and environment-specific works activities ranging from, drainage clearing and maintenance, vegetation control, feeder roads maintenance, irrigation, great green wall and orchard maintenance among others. In his goodwill message, Chairman Delta State Selection Committee, Professor Kelly Ejumudo, congratulated the participants for being selected and urged them to save from the little earnings to make life better for themselves. He said the programme was geared towards benefiting the public adding that no government can totally eliminate poverty but every government must take concrete actions to reduce the cycle of poverty. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided