The Postmaster General (PMG) of the Federation and the Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST), Dr Adebayo Adewusi, has pledged the organisation’s resolve to start delivering technology- driven products and services this year. According to Adewusi, who disclosed this in Lagos during the send-forth ceremony for Dr Michael Akpan Umo, retiring Nipost Zonal Manager, Lagos Zone, irrespective of the situation in the country this year as regards COVID 19 pandemic, the organisation would provide a reliable, affordable and secure Postal services to the customers. According to Adewusi, it is  part  of the agenda of  NIPOST in  2021,  as an organisation, to promote technology-driven quality services and products for the satisfaction  of its stakeholders and the general public. He urged the staff members to emulate Umo, whom he described as a simple, humble, diligent, hardworking but tough  manager, the qualities he regarded as the hallmark of an effective leader. He urged  the rest of the staff of the zone to be good Ambassadors of NIPOST. He thanked the Lagos Zonal Management and Staff for the massive support extended to Dr Umo. “From all that was said about Umo, it became obvious that the outgoing Lagos Zonal Manager did not just serve NIPOST for 34 years to the best of his ability but also impacted positively  on lots of colleagues and mentored many officers while in service,” he added. The ceremony, which had the PMG as special guest of honour, was presided over by Mr Gideon Shonde, General Manager, Courier and Logistics Regulatory Department. In attendance were all the General Managers of the various Commercial Business Units, the Deputy Zonal Managers, District Postal Managers, staff, family and friends of the outgoing Zonal Manager. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided