Group Chief Executive Officer, MEDIA EDGE, Mr John Ajayi has explained that the ongoing repositioning drive at the agency is aimed at preparing it for contemporary business realities and the challenges ahead. The full brand support services firm had, recently,  announced the fortification of its operations with the engagement of seasoned and accomplished professionals in all aspects of its businesses. It also  repositioned and strengthened its brand identity with the creation of a brand new logo and colour designs, signifying a major transformation and renewal of the brand with a view to achieving its mission and vision while also re-enforcing its brand purpose and essence. Top on the list of new high profile personnel that has joined the new board of the company is Mr. Dotun Adebowale, an accomplished experiential marketing  specialist, as an Executive Director with over sight functions on experiential marketing and brands support services. The agency also engaged Dr. Tamuno Kiri, a seasoned and registered advertising and marketing intellectual,  as its  Strategy and Business Development Director with over-sight functions on the creative process and special projects. The latest appointments would also see Dr Kiri joined by Mr Clement Omemu, a former CEO of Rosabel,  as the arrow-head of the agency’s creative business. Other appointments made by the agency include those of  Mrs Mojisola Matesun , a registered advertsing as an Account Director; Miss Oyindamola Are, an experienced Brand Development Manager, as Project Manager and others. Ajayi stated that the agency was being robustly fortified to offer a 360 degree Integrated Marketing Communications services. “In this age and times, nobody talks about core competence alone when new market reality and imperatives require multiple competencies,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided