Niger State Task Force on COVID-19 has said no corps member inside the Paiko NYSC Orientation camp in Paikoro Local Government Area of the state tested positive for COIVD-19. The task force, however, added that some prospective corp members who tested positive recently have been taken to the isolation centre and are in very stable condition. This was contained in a statement issued by Commissioner of Health and Secretary, Niger State Task Force on COVID-19, Dr Muhammad Muhammad Makusidi, and made available to newsmen on Sunday in Minna, the state capital. The statement pointed out that all those who tested positive were not allowed entry into the camp but were taken to Minna for PCR confirmation saying, “once confirmed, such case is admitted into the state’s isolation centre and treated.” The commissioner, however, explained that in line with the directives of NCDC, all prospective corps members were screened at the camp’s gate using RDT kits, emphasizing that “the attention of the State Task Force on COVID-19 has been drawn to a viral misleading information being circulated in various social media alleging confirmed cases of coronavirus at the NYSC Orientation camp Paiko, Niger State.” He said that: “There is no single case of COVID-19 is in the Paiko NYSC camp but in the isolation centre and they are very stable,” highlighting that in line with the directives of NCDC all prospective corp members are screened at the camp’s gate using RDT kits. Accordingly, the commissioner said: “I wish to inform the general public that the Paiko NYSC Orientation camp is free of COVID-19 and I appeal to all corp members especially parents, guardians and staff to feel free and go about their normal businesses in the camp as there is no case of COVID-19 at the NYSC camp in Niger State.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. | corps member tested positive in Niger| corps member tested positive in Niger | corps member tested positive in Niger | SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!