Terrorists attacked Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State on Sunday, killing at least five soldiers and a civilian woman according to residents. The terrorists had mobilized for sometime before finally invading Kwada village, burning houses and killing at least one civilian lady. Media Director of Kibaku Area Development Union, an umbrella body for the Chibok community, Allen Manasseh who spoke with reporters said the Sunday evening attack resulted in the death of a woman and the burning of several houses, including those of two younger brothers of the late Rev. Lawam Andimi, the Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria in Michika LGA  of Adamawa State. In a statement on Monday, Manasseh said communities in Chibok had been attacked for more than 69 times. Residents of the area had earlier raised fears about the build-up of Boko Haram fighters in Sabon Gari town in Damboa LGA, heading in the direction of Garki and Gombi. The attack was eventually directed at Kwada, on the southern Borno route. Andimi was killed by Boko Haram insurgents in 2020. According to Manasseh, the six soldiers who lost their lives were battling to repel the attackers. “As a community, we commiserate with the families of the soldiers and the woman killed in the attack. “This further reiterates our position as a community, that we are under siege and all our communities could be attacked at any time,”  Manasseh said. Chibok LGA has suffered several attacks from Islamic State West Africa Province and its parent Boko Haram faction. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided