A former Minister of Education, Alhaji Dauda Birma, has died. The late Dauda Birma marked his 80th birthday in July 2020. His son, Musa Dauda Birma, who announced the death on his Facebook page, wrote: “Innalillahi wa inna ilaihin rajiun, I lost a part of me that can never be replaced. May Allah forgive your sins and grant you janna.” Dauda who was also a presidential aspirant under the defunct All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) died in the early hours of Tuesday at his home in Yola, the Adamawa State capital. Birma who was the Sarkin Gabas Adamawa and Waziri of Garkida was said to be Hale and hearty as at yesterday. One of his associates, Alhaji Suleiman Yerima said Tuesday morning that he was with the deceased in the afternoon of Monday, January 4. Born 1940 in Garkida, Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Dauda Birma served in various capacities in the defunct Northern Region Government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided