The International Labour Organisation (ILO), in collaboration with the Alliance 8.7 global partnership, will, on Thursday, launch the International Year for the Elimination of Child Labour, to encourage legislative and practical actions to eradicate child labour worldwide. The launch is coming as the organisation declared that child labour has decreased by 38 per cent in the last decade, while 152 million children are still affected. It also said the COVID-19 pandemic has considerably worsened the situation, but joint and decisive action can reverse this trend. The International Year was unanimously adopted in a UN General Assembly resolution in 2019. A main aim of the year is to urge governments to do what is necessary to achieve Target 8.7 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Target 8.7 asks member states of ILO to take immediate and effective measures to eradicate forced labour, end modern slavery and human trafficking and secure the prohibition and elimination of the worst forms of child labour, including the recruitment and use of child soldiers, and by 2025 to end child labour in all its forms. A virtual event will take place on Thursday, January 21, to launch the International Year, the ILO said, while a range of stakeholders will take part, including the ILO Director-General, Guy Ryder, UNICEF Executive Director, Henrietta Fore, the Nobel Peace Laureate, Kailash Satyarthi and child labour survivor and activist, Amar Lal. Throughout the year, a number of events will raise awareness of a problem that affects one in 10 children. The joint initiative encourages regional, national and organizational stakeholders and individuals to identify concrete actions that they will take by December 2021, to help end child labour. The deadline to submit these Action Pledges is 30 March Pledge makers are invited to document their efforts and progress throughout the year, through videos, interviews, blogs and impact stories. According to the ILO, in the last 20 years, almost 100 million children have been removed from child labour, bringing numbers down from 246 million in 2000 to 152 million in 2016. The ILO Director-General, Guy Ryder, said “there is no place for child labour in society. It robs children of their future and keeps families in poverty.” However, the organisation said progress across regions is uneven, as almost half of child labour,  72 million children, happens in Africa; followed by Asia and the Pacific with 62 million. It also said 70 per cent of children in child labour work in agriculture, mainly in subsistence and commercial farming and livestock herding, while almost half of all these children work in occupations or situations considered hazardous for their health and lives. The COVID-19 crisis has brought additional poverty to these already vulnerable populations and may reverse years of progress in the fight against child Labour, it added. Also, it pointed out that school closures have aggravated the situation and many millions of children are working to contribute to the family income, adding that the pandemic has also made women, men and children more vulnerable to exploitation. “This International Year is an opportunity for governments to step up and achieve Target 8.7 of the Sustainable Development Goals by taking concrete actions to eliminate child labour for good. With COVID-19 threatening to reverse years of progress, we need to deliver on promises now more than ever.” Ryder said. The International Year will prepare the ground for the V Global Conference on Child Labour (VGC) that will take place in South Africa in 2022, where stakeholders will share experiences and make additional commitments towards ending child labour in all its forms by 2025, and forced labour, human trafficking and modern slavery by 2030. The ILO has been working for the abolition of child labour throughout its 100 year-history. One of the first conventions its members adopted was on minimum age in industry. The organization is a partner of Alliance 8.7, a global partnership that aims to eradicate forced labour, modern slavery, human trafficking and child labour around the world, as outlined in the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided