DESPITE the lockdown of the entire aviation sector for over five months due to the Coronavirus pandemic, the Murtala Mohammed Airport Ikeja domestic terminal One (MMA) has recorded a total of 551,380 passengers movements with aircraft movements (landing and take off) totaling 6,261 between July and December 2020 from the reopening of the airport The terminal manager of the airport, Mr Adekunle Aderibigbe, who disclosed this to journalists in his office at the airport, described passengers’ turn out as encouraging, considering the effect of the pandemic. According to statistics released, inbound passengers recorded 270,828 while departures stood at 280,552 passengers. 3,068 aircraft landed at the airport between July and December 2020 while 3,193 aircraft took off from same airport during the period under review Aderibigbe explained that initially passengers’ turn out at the commencement of flight operations after the ease of the lockdown was not too impressive but disclosed that it gradually picked up, especially during the yuletide He noted that airlines last December witnessed a surge in passengers traffic but were able to manage their passengers as more aircraft were deployed to accommodate passengers While emphasizing that safety, security and comfort of passengers remained their priority especially in complying with the Covid-19 protocols, Aderibigbe, however, added that adamant passengers were regularly forced to comply as directed by the managing director of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Captain Rabiu Yadudu. Lamenting how some passengers have remained the greatest challenge the management was facing as some of them refused to cooperate with them on the protocols on ground, he noted that sanity had returned to almost every points in the nation as the pandemic has made people to sit tight on their jobs, maintaining all protocols The terminal manager revealed that with all the facilities put in place following the outbreak of the pandemic were being maintained and with the second wave, the compliance team to the protocols have been going round to ensure that nobody was left out. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!