The Edo State Command of the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS) was early Sunday morning thrown into panic mode as the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the command, Mrs Bridget Esene, was reportedly kidnapped by gunmen on her way to church. Nigerian Tribune gathered that Esene was trailed by her abductors on Sunday morning around Iqueniro area off Agbor Road, as she was making her way to her church. The suspected kidnappers were said to accosted her and dragged her out of her car into a getaway car which took her to an unknown destination. A source at the Immigration Service, speaking on the condition of anonymity, confirmed the kidnapping. “She was abducted at her church premises around Agbor road area this morning. Her whereabouts is yet unknown as her abductors are yet to speak with her family. Her car has been recovered where it was dumped at Agbor road bye-pass area and we learnt that her abductors headed towards Benin Auchi road axis off the by-pass,” the source said. The kidnappers, as at the time of filing this report, were still incommunicado. Efforts to reach the Edo Police Command Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Chidi Nwabuzor, were unsuccessful as he did not pick calls made to his mobile number. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided