The police in Akwa Ibom State have commenced an investigation into the case of alleged sexual molestation and maltreatment of Don-Davis, a JSS1 student of Deeper Life High School, Idoro, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State by some students and management of the school. This is according to a statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Odiko MacDon, and made available to newsmen in Uyo. The PRO stated that the police had received a petition about the case from the mother of Don-Davies, Mrs Deborah Archibong. Consequently, the Police PRO explained that a discreet investigation into the matter has commenced immediately. He stated, “The Akwa Ibom State Police Command is in receipt of a petition by one Mrs Deborah Archibong (41), mother of one Don-Davis Iniobong Archibong, aged 11 years, a student of Deeper Life High School, Idoro Road, Uyo, wherein she alleged that her son, Master Don-Davis Iniobong was inhumanly treated, sexually molested and suffered starvation, against one Mrs Ndidi Solomon (45) and three others. “The Commissioner of Police, CP Amiengheme Andrew ordered a discreet investigation into the matter and the said investigation has commenced immediately. “The CP, while enjoining all parties involved to exercise restraint pending the outcome of the investigation, has assured the good people of Akwa Ibom State that no stone will be left unturned in unravelling the truth and that the outcome of the investigation will be made known to the public.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided