Elon Musk has become the world’s richest person, as his net worth crossed $185bn (£136bn). According to BBC, the Tesla and SpaceX entrepreneur was pushed into the top slot after Tesla’s share price increased on Thursday. He takes the top spot from Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who had held it since 2017. Mr Musk’s electric car company Tesla has surged in value this year, and hit a market value of $700bn (£516bn) for the first time on Wednesday. That makes the car company worth more than Toyota, Volkswagen, Hyundai, GM and Ford combined. Mr Musk reacted to the news in signature style, replying to a Twitter user sharing the news with the remark “how strange”. How strange — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 7, 2021  An older tweet pinned to the top of his feed offered further insight into his thoughts on personal wealth. “About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth, and half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens and we destroy ourselves,” it reads. The tycoon’s fortunes have been buoyed by politics in the US, where the Democrats will have control of the US Senate in the forthcoming session. Daniel Ives, an analyst with Wedbush Securities wrote: “A Blue Senate is bullish for the [electric vehicle] sector, with a more green-driven agenda now certainly in the cards for the next few years.” Expected electric vehicle tax credits would benefit Tesla, “which continues to have an iron grip on the market today”, he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided