The Celica Church of Christ Worldwide has called on Nigerians and other nationals to pray fervently against global crises this year. Describing the year as a year of global turbulence and confusion, the church said only prayers can avert the situation. In a list of predictions and revelations released and signed by the Founder and Spiritual Head of Celica Church of Christ Worldwide, Reverend (Dr) Emmanuel Adetunji Adeonigbagbe, the church said that “this is a year where you must walk fervently with God to overcome the challenges of 2021. The Lord’s wrath has descended on all evildoers; their cup is full. They will be punished for their sins as their hands are blood-stained, says the Lord.” “Revelations 16:1 “Then I heard a loud voice from the temple saying to the seven angels, ‘Go, pour out the seven bowls of God’s wrath on the earth,” while Revelation 16:6 says: “For men have shed the blood of your Holy People and prophets, you have given them blood to drink. It is their due!” It added that faithfulness with God will allow one to unlock His multiple blessings this year. The watchword this year for children of God, according to the church, is in Romans 8 vs 31: “What, then, shall we say in response to this? If God is for us, who can be against us?” According to the list of revelations, “For those who obey and serve the Lord faithfully this year, there are multiple blessings. This is a year where you cannot afford to be lukewarm in your service to God. You must be fully dedicated to God to enjoy the blessings. “There will be outstanding testimonies for those who are thought to be barren and those who have been waiting on the Lord for fruits of the womb. There will be an increase in multiple births. It is a year of joy for them. “Please warn young people who are not ready to be parents to be careful as there will high rates of births this year. “It is a year of favour and progress for the downtrodden; they will be elevated says the Lord Almighty. They will become big and influential. “Pray seriously for Nigeria against instability. A shadow was seen covering the Nigerian flag and there was great darkness in the land. “Pray against increase in deaths among the perceived high and mighty this year. Many will be swept away unless they seek the face of God. “The cup of evildoers is full and the Lord is ready to fight for the oppressed,” the church said, among many other revelations in its predictions and revelations for the year 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE South-West Speakers Rally Support For Tinubu’s Rumoured Presidential Ambition The rumoured ambition of former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to run for the office of the President in 2023 is gradually becoming a reality as current and former speakers of houses of assembly in the South-West have thrown their weight behind the… No Harm Must Befall Bishop Kukah, CAN Warns The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has cautioned those threatening the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto, Dr Matthew Hassan Kukah, to stop their unlawful actions and also asks the security agencies to ensure the safety and security of the… Kukah: Nigerians Have Right To Live Freely In Any Part Of Nigeria, Ortom Replies Muslim Group Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on Nigerians, irrespective of religious and political affiliations to uphold unity, peace and dialogue as the panacea for the myriad of problems confronting the country. The governor’s advice is coming on the heels of the statement credited to a group known as Muslim… Your Govt Brought Reversal Of Fortune To Nigerians, PDP Tells Buhari Against the backdrop of President Muhammadu Buhari call for critics to consider what he inherited, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has berated administration for allegedly reversing the country’s fortune in the five years it has been in office… Consider What We Met When Criticizing Us, Buhari Tells Nigerian Elite President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday told the Nigerian elite that when they criticize his administration, they should take into consideration the state of the country before he assumed power. Speaking at the presidential villa, Abuja when he received in audience Reverend Yakubu Pam, the Executive… Covid-19 Vaccines: Kano Gets Highest Allocation As Cross River Gets 1023 Doses For Its 3.8 Million Population Cross River State with a population of 3.8 million will take home 1,023 doses of COVID-9 vaccines according to the data for the distribution of the vaccines released by the Federal Government of Nigeria in Abuja. In the data released by the Executive Director of the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency (NPHCDA), Faisal Shuaib, the 36 states and FCT would, in the interim share 100,000 doses, while awaiting… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided