THE Ogun State Government has disclosed that more Agricultural  opportunities await all categories of farmers across  the State in the year 2021, just as its braces to adopt  irrigation farming  and weather – smart Agricultural practices. Commissioner for Agriculture, Dr. Adeola Odedina, who made the disclosure while featuring on Radio Nigeria’s Paramount FM’s 94.5 and Rock City 101.9 FM Day Break Show in Abeokuta, noted that in  year 2021, farmers would enjoy increased national and international agricultural support, access to land, inputs, training, land clearing and fertilisers, among others. Odedina submitted that the Ogun State Economic Transformation Programme (OGSTEP), targeted at empowering  over 40,000 farmers,  will take off as it has also concluded plans to link farmers with tractors, planting material palliatives and help them reduce cost of production. “We want to assure our farmers that we have a lot in stock for them in the year 2021. We are one of the role model states in fertiliser management, you cannot see our fertilisers in the open market. The governor was one of the first governors to access the presidential fertiliser initiative. “Irrigation must be employed to tackle draught and help our people cultivate at every season. It’s part of our plans and this government will stick to its word. “We are also leveraging on our status as the first in livestock, poultry, fisheries among others to embrace smart- weather and irrigation farming system to promote all year round agriculture”, he said. The Commissioner added that unlike the past where people wait for as long as four years to get land for agricultural purpose, the new framework for land use for agriculture signed by the governor, has afforded prospective farmers access to land under one month saying, the state was poised at raising successful farmers. He said the state will be collaborating with Kebbi State with a view to coming up with a Joint Commision on Rice to meet the increasing demand for the staple food across the country. He affirmed that the government would be supporting rice farmers in the state with drone technology to scare away birds, link them with mechanical rice harvesters where they will pay a token to access it with other support from the private sector. He said the state would continue to leverage on its proximity to Lagos as the largest market in Sub- Saharan Africa to create enabling environment for investors, promote employment and create jobs for its people. The commissioner who attributed the state’s government success in agriculture to the various support gotten from the Federal Government, CBN, Value Chain Development Programme (VCDP), also appreciated farmers for daring to go ahead with farming activities during the lockdown, charging them to leverage on the numerous opportunities to expand the scope of agriculture. Callers including Elder Gilbert Sikuade, Olushola Johnson,Paul Oni among others appreciated the Commissioner for changing the phase of agriculture in the state, charging him to look at other areas for all round agricultural growth. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 5,571 fresh COVID-19 infections which is now the highest weekly cases the country has ever recorded, Tribune Online analysis shows. [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday.  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided