A 63-year-old man has been arrested by men of the Edo State Police Command for allegedly defiling a two-year-old girl. Tribune Online gathered that the incident happened in Urhonigbe in Orhionmwon Local Government Area of the state where the suspect, whose name was given as Sunday Igbinokhuaihe, is a neighbour to the parents of the girl. Igbinokhuaihe was alleged to have lured the girl into his room using a loaf of bread and thereafter allegedly used his finger to break the hymen while the girl’s mother was in the kitchen preparing dinner. It was further gathered that the mother of the child noticed that something was amiss when her daughter screamed while she attempted to bathe her later in the evening. The girl was said to have told her mother how Igbinokhuaihe allegedly used his finger on her private part, a situation that prompted the mother to raise an alarm. The matter was immediately reported at the Urhonigbe Police station and the suspect was arrested before he was later transferred to Abudu Police Division. It was gathered that the medical test that was conducted on the girl showed that there was a contact with her hymen. Igbinokhuaihe was subsequently transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department of the Edo State Police Command in Benin city, where he is currently being detained pending the conclusion of investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria new weekly COVID-19 infections have witnessed yet another significant increase, Tribune Online analysis shows. The second wave of the pandemic was officially announced after the infections began to rise in the first week of December… ICYMI: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… 63-year-old in police net for allegedly defiling 2-year-old girl SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!