The sudden death of Chika Onuegbu, Deputy National President of the Trade Union Congress (TUC) and former Chairman, Rivers State Chapter of TUC has thrown the labour movement, friends and associates as well as residents of Port-Harcourt, capital of oil-rich state into deep mourning. The National Industrial Relations Officer of Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN), was reported to have died in Port Harcourt after a brief illness. Sources said he complained of a headache earlier on the day and was rushed to the hospital where he gave up the ghost. The outspoken labour leader, it was further learnt, recently bagged a distinction – Masters in Law – from a university in the United Kingdom. Some sympathisers who spoke with our correspondent described him as a good man, a cheerful giver and resource person who understood the power of constructive dialogue. One of them who refused to have his name in print said he was an asset to the TUC and ensured a smooth working relationship between labour and the government when he was Chairman of the state chapter of the TUC. He said: “He (Onuegbu) was a jolly good fellow and a team player who understood the dynamics of negotiations and labour relations. “May his good soul rest in perfect peace, while we pray God to comfort his immediate family, friends and associates over this colossal loss.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided