YouTube said on Tuesday night it had suspended President Donald Trump’s channel as it violated policies for inciting violence after last week’s assault on the US Capitol by the president’s supporters, Reuters reported on Wednesday. Online platforms and social media companies are distancing themselves from and taking action against, those that encouraged or engaged in the violence in Washington, DC. Trump’s channel is now prevented from uploading new videos or livestreams for a minimum of seven days, which may be extended, YouTube said in a statement. The company has also indefinitely disabled comments under videos on the channel. The suspension of Trump’s channel came after comments that he made at a news conference, which was streamed on the platform on Tuesday morning, the company said. YouTube’s action against the president comes after US civil rights groups told Reuters that they were set to organise an advertiser boycott against the company if it does not remove Trump’s channel. Supporters of Trump stormed the US Capitol last Wednesday, trying to halt the certification by Congress of President-elect Joe Biden’s election win. Trump, who has challenged the validity of Biden’s victory without producing evidence, initially praised his supporters but later condemned the violence. Lawmakers were forced to flee as the building was mobbed by protesters who overwhelmed security forces. Five people died in the violence, including one Capitol Police officer. After the incident, Twitter and Facebook removed Trump’s accounts and have been eliminating content supporting last week’s assault, while Amazon.com Inc suspended Parler, a social media platform favoured by many supporters of Trump, from its web hosting service. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy.  CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!