Prophet Michael Olusoji Fabiyi, the shepherd-in-charge of the Celestial Church of Christ, Okiki Imoleayo Cathedral, Ikola, Command, Lagos, has warned the Yoruba to be prayerful against strange spirit forces who might want to penetrate into homes as well as take lives of prominent personalities of the race through acts of manslaughter and terrorism from another tribe towards Yorubaland. Fabiyi, who said this while revealing his 2021 prophesies, added that though Christians and non-Christians across the world will experience joy, peace and bountiful blessings, the year will also witness battles, and crises that might claim lots of lives and shake the country. “Two prominent traditional rulers and two politicians of high repute, as well as a prominent musician will pass away this year. A lot of employees will face serious challenges this year, especially in the area of salaries. Many will be sacked; many will resign on their own without any payment,” he added. “There will be a serious crisis in the National Assembly, while fake prophets and clerics will be on the increase this year, but they will be exposed. Also, in the government parastatals, there will be problems with governance. The ruling party in the country should pray continually to avoid national crisis as many will jostle for higher positions and this may lead to a total collapse of the party. Prophet Fabiyi also predicted that a prominent cleric will die this year and that it will shake the country. He also urged members of the Celestial Church of Christ to pray against unsettled segregations that may lead to the death of leaders of the church. “Epidemic that has gone into extinction will resurge in a more deadly dimension. A war which we have not heard about for a long time will erupt in three countries. There will be fire disasters, cries, and wailing across these countries with multiple loss of lives and properties,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE South-West Speakers Rally Support For Tinubu’s Rumoured Presidential Ambition The rumoured ambition of former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to run for the office of the President in 2023 is gradually becoming a reality as current and former speakers of houses of assembly in the South-West have thrown their weight behind the… No Harm Must Befall Bishop Kukah, CAN Warns The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has cautioned those threatening the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto, Dr Matthew Hassan Kukah, to stop their unlawful actions and also asks the security agencies to ensure the safety and security of the… Kukah: Nigerians Have Right To Live Freely In Any Part Of Nigeria, Ortom Replies Muslim Group Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on Nigerians, irrespective of religious and political affiliations to uphold unity, peace and dialogue as the panacea for the myriad of problems confronting the country. The governor’s advice is coming on the heels of the statement credited to a group known as Muslim… Your Govt Brought Reversal Of Fortune To Nigerians, PDP Tells Buhari Against the backdrop of President Muhammadu Buhari call for critics to consider what he inherited, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has berated administration for allegedly reversing the country’s fortune in the five years it has been in office… Consider What We Met When Criticizing Us, Buhari Tells Nigerian Elite President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday told the Nigerian elite that when they criticize his administration, they should take into consideration the state of the country before he assumed power. Speaking at the presidential villa, Abuja when he received in audience Reverend Yakubu Pam, the Executive… Covid-19 Vaccines: Kano Gets Highest Allocation As Cross River Gets 1023 Doses For Its 3.8 Million Population Cross River State with a population of 3.8 million will take home 1,023 doses of COVID-9 vaccines according to the data for the distribution of the vaccines released by the Federal Government of Nigeria in Abuja. In the data released by the Executive Director of the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency (NPHCDA), Faisal Shuaib, the 36 states and FCT would, in the interim share 100,000 doses, while awaiting… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided