Bashir Aminu, Iyan Zazzau who is challenging the appointment of the current Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Ahmad Nuhu Bamalli has died in the early hours of Friday at the age of 70. His passing on was announced by the Zazzau Emirate on their Twitter handle on Friday. “Inalillahi wa inna illaihir rajiun, indeed from Allah we are and to Him we shall return. It is with the deepest regret and no pleasure that we announce the death of the most powerful traditional titleholder and wealthiest prince in Northern Nigeria today, Alh Bashir Aminu Iyan Zazzau.” Recall that the deceased was the top contender to the stool and even after the appointment of the current Emir, he filed a suit challenging the Emir’s appointment. His argument was “having scored the highest number of lawful votes cast by the kingmakers and thus selected by the said kingmakers, he has thus acquired a vested right to the stool of the Emir of Zazzau from the date of his selection henceforth.” From the Katsinawa ruling house, the deceased graduated from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. He was also a fellow of the Institute of Financial Accountants (UK) and a fellow of the Certified National Accountants of Nigeria (CNA). He was District Head of Sabon Gari, Zaria until two years ago when he resigned. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Iyan Zazzau  Iyan Zazzau 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Iyan Zazzau Iyan Zazzau NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided