President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari and his vice, Professor Yemi Osibajo will be the first set of Nigerians to take COVID-19 vaccines in Nigeria. This was disclosed by medical experts in Sokoto during sensitization of media 50 personnel on COVID-19 and introduction COVID-19 vaccines in the state, organised by World Health Organization (WHO) in conjunction with United Children Education Fund (UNICEF) on Thursday. The bodies while charging media and other stakeholders to step up public enlightenment on the importance of embracing COVID-19 vaccines, they maintained that for now there is no cure for the disease hence the need to prevent the spread of the disease. A representative of World Health Organization (WHO), Dr IlliyaMuhammad, who spoke at the risk communication and community engagement sensitization of media 50 personnel on COVID-19 and introduction of COVID-19 vaccine at Specialist Hospital, Sokoto, said media are partners because of their role in information dissemination. He noted that to erode the superstitious belief of the people in the country about the coronavirus vaccine media have a vital role to play in enlightening the people on the advantage of the vaccine. He further disclosed some of the world leaders including the queen of England, Queen Elizabeth, America’s president-elect, Joe Biden, King Salman of Saudi Arabia have all been vaccinated against the virus stressing that the vaccines are effective. On his part, the UNICEF representative Dr Barau who spoke on professional media report on COVID-19 vaccine charged media to be proactive in discharging their duties. She stated that accurate, balance information will go a long way in dispelling rumours against Covid19 vaccine. She further posited that media are the bridge between the Health officials and the people in times like this Given the current update of Covid19 situation in the state, Dr Abdulrahman Ahmad Director Primary Health Care (DPH) disclosed that the rate at which the second wave of Covid19 is spreading in the state is at alarming. Dr Ahmad averred that in the first wave the state recorded just over hundred with seven death but stated that as of now the confirmed cases in the state is over five hundred with over fourteen death hence the need for all hands to bedeck He implored people of the state to observe COVID-19 protocols to avoid spreading of the virus. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Buhari Osibanjo to lead  Buhari Osibanjo to lead 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Buhari Osibanjo to lead NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!