Former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan has stated that the African Future Leaders Award (FALA) organized by the Chris Oyakhilome Foundation of the Loveworld Incorporated, is a transformation of humanity to greatness in the continent of Africa. The former President in his keynote speech at the Future Africa Leaders Awards 2020 in Lagos, Nigeria, at the weekend, acknowledged the great and budding minds that were beneficiaries of the 2020 edition of the Future Africa Leaders Award organized courtesy of the Chris Oyakhilome Foundation. Jonathan commended Rev. Dr Chris Oyakhilome, President of Loveworld Incorporated, the Christ Embassy Ministry and his entire team for their efforts in bringing the event to fruition in the African continent. The former president said: “There is no greater and more inclusive representation of the hope of this continent than these youths from different countries of Africa. Recognizing, and being recognised for the special skills sets, talents you possess is something you should not treat with levity. It is a privilege that should guide you to become all that God created you to be.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Ex- President Jonathan hails Oyakhilome  Ex- President Jonathan hails Oyakhilome 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Ex- President Jonathan hails Oyakhilome  Ex- President Jonathan hails Oyakhilome NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided