Nigeria now hosts two reference-grade air quality monitors, effectively linking Nigeria to air quality index information and health messaging from the US’ Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Each of the monitors is domiciled at the US Embassy, Abuja and the US Consulate General, Lagos, a statement by the consulate said on Monday. The monitor supplies data to the ZephAir app, which is free to download on Apple and Google Play Stores. The US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mary Beth Leonard, unveiled the US Consulate General’s reference-grade air quality monitors as part of the government’s ongoing contribution to environmental sustainability in Nigeria. Leonard, who is optimistic that the new equipment will enhance the Consulate’s capacity to provide reliable data on air quality, highlighted the country’s commitment to environmental sustainability. “Through a team effort, we have successfully procured air quality monitors for Embassy Abuja and Consulate Lagos through the Greening Diplomacy Initiative’s Department of State’s Air programme. “This will strengthen our ability to collect and share reliable data on air quality as it corresponds to the time of the day and the seasons of the year. “We are proud to contribute to Nigeria’s efforts to protect the environment and improve human health. “The Mission will continue to promote environmental policies that balance environmental protection and economic growth,” Leonard said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the US Department of State’s 65-plus air quality monitors, which are housed at US Embassies and Consulates across the world, are made in the US to Environmental Protection Administration (EPA) specifications, as delineated by the Clean Air Act. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!