THE board of Lafarge Africa Plc has made a decision to sell off the company’s stake in Continental Blue Investment (CBI) Ghana Limited. The cement maker has a 35 per cent stake in CBI Ghana, a company involved in the manufacturing and processing of non-precious minerals and building material in the West African nation. On Wednesday, the company held an emergency meeting where it informed the investing community that it has been agreed that the divestment from CBI Ghana should go ahead. “Pursuant to the emergency meeting of the board of Lafarge Africa held [on] WednesdayJanuary 20, 2021, the board resolved and hereby notifies the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) of its decision to divest its 35 per cent shareholding in Continental Blue Investment Ghana Limited,” a notice signed by Mrs Adewunmi Alode, the General Counsel/Company Secretary, disclosed. “As at December 31, 2019, the carrying amount of the company’s investment in CBI Ghana has been fully depleted, as the losses reported over the years exceeded the carrying amount of the investment,” the financial results of Lafarge Africa pointed out. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided