The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, has felicitated the President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, as he marks his 62nd birthday. Hon Gbajabiamila, in a congratulatory message, described the President of the Senate as a worthy partner and dependable ally in the task of nation-building. He said Lawan has brought his wealth of experience to bear since his assumption of office as President of the Senate, being the most ranking member of the National Assembly to date, having served as a member of the Green Chamber between 1999 and 2007 before joining the Senate where he has been ever since. The Speaker, who paid glowing tributes to the President of the Senate, said together, they have been working assiduously to give Nigeria and Nigerians legislation that would enable good governance in the country. “I consider Distinguished Senator Ahmad Lawan, who is the President of the 9th Senate, a democrat and a patriotic Nigerian who believes in delivering good governance to the Nigerian people using the Legislature. “I must say that the President of the Senate comes across as a very committed and dedicated lawmaker to the Nigerian project. In the past one and a half years, we have worked harmoniously to take the country forward. “As you mark your 62nd birthday, I wish you God’s guidance and protection,” Hon Gbajabiamila said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… Gbajabiamila celebrates Senate President Lawan at 62 [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Gbajabiamila celebrates Senate President Lawan at 62 Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!