Chairman of Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), Lagos State chapter, Mr Godwin Egbebe, has suggested ways the state government can be of help to poultry farmers in order to cushion the effect of maize shortage which has continue to ravage their businesses. Egbebe, while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune recently, noted that majority of poultry farms are closing, noting that those that are still surviving are struggling to do so. He further stated that:”It is something that one does not have words to explain. It is tough, as we speak, the maize that we were buying for N105,000 early last year before the lockdown occasioned by COVID-19 pandemic is now sold between N220,000 and N225,000 per ton. You can see that the increase is close to 100 per cent.” Speaking on how the Lagos State government can be of immense help to poultry farmers in order to cushion the effect of the shortage in maize supply, Egbebe, suggested that:”Since the maize association said it has maize and the majority of the maize is coming from the north, if the Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu can talk to some of his colleagues in the north just like they did for lake rice, to give us maize at a reasonable price. “But if there are no maize locally, the governor can equally talk to the Federal Government to open that window as a stop gap for us to import maize for a short period before local production is increased. If either of the two options is considered, poultry farmers in Lagos would be relieved and their businesses would flourish again.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!