Veteran actress in the Yoruba sector of Nollywood, Foluke Aremu, popularly known as Orisabumi, is dead. She died in the late hours of Tuesday, January 5, in Ibadan. Orisabumi’s death was confirmed by the Governor of Theater Arts and Motion Pictures Practitioners Association of Nigeria (TAMPAN) in Oyo State, Mrs Rose Odika who spoke with Tribune Online. Odika said the actress died of a brief illness after two days in the hospital. According to her, as at the time of filing this report, the deceased’s body was being moved to the morgue. President of Association of Nigerian Theatre Practitioners (ANTP), Mr Adewale Elesho described the incident as a sad one. “We have just survived Covid-19, EndSARS and all that came with 2020. It’s sad we had to lose Orisabunmi this time around. May we not experience such anymore,” he told Tribune Online. Orisabumi, during her lifetime was an energetic dramatist, who was married to late Veteran actor, Jimoh Aliu (Aworo) but they got separated long before Aworo died in 2020. She died at 60 years. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided