The former Nigerian ambassador to the United States of America, Professor George Obiozor, has emerged the new President-General of the Igbo Social-Cultural Organization, Ohaneze Ndigbo, on Sunday. Nigerian Tribune gathered that Professor Obiozor, scored 304 votes to beat two other contestants to emerge the winner in a just-concluded election at the Dan Anyiam Stadium Owerri, Imo State. Present at the election was the Governor of Imo, Hope Uzodinma; his Ebonyi State counterpart, Dave Umahi; Minister of Labour, Dr Chris Ngige; Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu; Senator Andy Uba, former President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Gary Igariwe, ArchBishop of the Enugu Province, Anglican Communion, Most Rev. Emmanuel Chukwuma, Anambra State President General, Prince Emeka Festus and a host of other senators and lawmakers from the Southeast and South-South. It was gathered that before the elections on Sunday, Professor Obiozor had emerged as a consensus candidate at an Imeobi meeting convened by the Nwodo-led executive of Ohaneze Ndigbo, but his emergence was described as unconstitutional by some aspirants. The 78-year-old professor was Nigeria’s ambassador to the United States from 2004 to 2008. He was also a former Director-General of the Nigerian Institute of International Affairs, former High Commissioner to Cyprus, and also former Nigeria’s former ambassador to Israel, from 1999 to 2003. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of…     Umahi, Ngige, Onu present as Ohaneze elects Obiozor new president-general Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!