The deadline for subscribers to have their National Identity Number (NIN) linked with their SIM cards has been extended till February 9. This is according to the Association of Licensed Telecommunication Operators of Nigeria (ALTON). The previous deadline was Tuesday. In a statement signed by ALTON’s chairman, Gbenga Adebayo, on Wednesday, the directive to extend the deadline was from President Muhammadu Buhari, as confirmed by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC). “We want to thank the President for giving us more time to deliver on this all-important assignment of creating a credible national identity database for the country,” the statement said. “We are also grateful to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ibrahim Ali Pantami, for his commitment to enabling the digital economy. “To ensure that we utilize the extension period judiciously, we urge all telecom subscribers who have a NIN to link it to their SIM Cards through available channels as soon as possible. Those yet to enrol are advised to visit www.nimc.gov.ng for a list of enrolment centres close to them.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided