A forty-four-year-old indigene of Okere community in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State, Mr. Christopher Uku, has appealed to members of the public to assist his family raise N8 million to correct a heart condition and ultimately save his life. Uku has been going through an agonising pain for about 12 years now and was diagnosed with a heart condition described by doctors as “dysfunction of the heart ventricles, abnormality of the tricuspid valve and pulmonary hypertension.” In a letter titled: “APPEAL FOR FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE,” Mr Uku, said that since the diagnosis, his family and associates have been managing to foot the mounting medical bills, but have exhausted their resources, while his health challenge degenerates on daily basis.  “I am passionately appealing for your kind financial assistance (nothing is too small) to enable my family urgently raise Eight Million Naira (N 8,000,000.00) for the surgery needed to correct the heart condition and ultimately save my life, by God’s grace. “I will be indebted to you (individuals, corporate bodies, NGOs, International Organizations and MDAs) if my humble and desperate appeal, is given the urgency my heart yearns for,” he enthused. He gave details of his bank account for financial contributions from generous public as follows: Account Name: Agoreyo Alero (Mrs.) | Account Number: 2024165611 | Bank: United Bank for Africa (UBA) | GSM: 08036986406, 07086837958. Ailing Mr Christopher Uku and doctor report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… | Delta indigene with heart condition | Delta indigene with heart condition | Delta indigene with heart condition Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided