The United States has said it will take action against anti-democratic forces, election riggers and human rights abusers in Uganda following Thursday’s general elections in the country. The US position came in a statement by the Department of State through its spokesperson, Ms Morgan Ortagus, on Saturday. Ortagus said the government was “deeply troubled” by credible reports of “security force violence” and election irregularities before and during the polls. She called for independent investigations into the allegations and urged the Ugandan government to hold accountable security agents responsible for violence and abuses. “The Ugandan people turned out to vote in multi-party national elections on Jan. 14 despite an environment of intimidation and fear. “We are deeply troubled by the many credible reports of security force violence during the pre-election period and election irregularities during the polls. “We strongly urge independent, credible, impartial, and thorough investigations into these reports and that those responsible be held accountable,” she said. Earlier on Saturday, Uganda’s Electoral Commission declared long-time President Yoweri Museveni, winner of the disputed presidential election for a sixth term in office. According to the results, Museveni, 76, secured 58.64 per cent of the total votes to beat his main challenger, Bobi Wine, who trailed with 35 per cent. But the exercise has been marred by allegations of voter fraud and harassment of opposition politicians by security forces. Reports say dozens of people were killed during violence in the run-up to the election. Ahead of Election Day, the government shut down Internet connections in the country, drawing condemnation from civil society and election observers. Wine, a former music star, has vowed to provide evidence of election fraud when internet services are restored, according to the BBC. “We condemn the continuing attacks on political candidates and urge the government to respect their human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the freedom of expression. “We are gravely concerned by harassment of and continued threats to civil society. “Finally, we note the continued nationwide shutdown of the Internet and call for its immediate restoration along with that of social media services,” Ortagus said. She urged all political actors to shun violence and resolve all arising disputes through constitutional and legal means. The spokesperson also called on the Ugandan government to respect freedom of expression and the right to peaceful assembly. “We reiterate our intention to pursue action against those responsible for the undermining of democracy and human rights in Uganda,” Ortagus added. (NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…US vows action against  US vows action against 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..US vows action against  US vows action against US vows action against election riggers in Uganda SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided