AS part of efforts geared towards furthering digital transformation in the region, South African Internet of Things (IoT) startup, Consumption Information Real Time (CIRT), and Microsoft have entered into a multi-year strategic partnership. As part of the new partnership, Microsoft is expected to provide technical guidance, support and access to engineering resources, business development resources and integration of Company Solutions to Microsoft Azure. In addition, once migration has taken place and the solutions are Commercial Marketplace transactable, the organisation will provide the benefits available through its Commercial Marketplace and associated programs for which the Company Solutions qualify. CIRT in fulfilling its part of the agreement would integrate Retail Intelligence Solution, Fridgeloc Solution and Temploc Cold Supply Chain Monitor Solution with Azure IoT Central and other relevant Azure and Microsoft Power BI Services as well as complete onboarding of all solutions to Azure Marketplace. Co-founder and Director for CIRT, Ajay Lalu, said:”“We are currently engaging with several global fuel retailers and a mobile network operator to deploy our latest solution for retailers, Q-Hop©. Q-Hop© is a contactless and cashless retail experience for grocery, personal care and convenience retailers. “The Q-Hop© solution was developed during a hard lockdown in South Africa entirely virtually and proudly using local technology. “Our alliance with Microsoft will give us the global platform to accelerate the deployment and continued evolution of our solutions. Microsoft have been an amazing strategic partner from the outset and have supported the development and deployment of our IoT solutions.” General Manager, IOT Business Acceleration at Microsoft, Tony Shakib, said:”“At a time when the needs of customers and businesses are constantly changing, the collaboration with CIRT is necessary. Many of our retail clients constantly seek innovative IoT solutions to help them create in-store and online experiences that build customer loyalty. The strategic alliance with CIRT will provide our global clients with access to a stream of innovative IoT solutions,” SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!