The Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN) has halted the recruitment exercise of the 5,000 successful candidates by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). A statement by the Deputy Commander of Narcotics, Principal Staff Officer, Public Affairs of the NDLEA, Jonah Achema on Friday directed a total of 5,000 candidates to appear at the Agency’s Academy, Citadel Counter-Narcotics Nigeria, (CCNN), Katton-Rikkos, Jos, Plateau State for the screening and documentation exercise between January 10 and 23, 2021 at 0900 hours daily. But, the Solicitor General of the Federation and Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Justice, Dayo Apata (SAN) said, though the recruitment exercise by the Agency is long overdue, the timing is ill-advised and inappropriate given the current and alarming wave of COVID-19 pandemic across the country. Apata said, “In view of the foregoing, the Attorney General of the Federation has directed that the Solicitor General of the Federation and Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Justice, Dayo Apata (SAN) to seek clarification/advice from the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on the public health implications of such an exercise especially as it relates to the adequacy/possibility of strict adherence to COVID-19 protocols by 5,000 applicants at this time of the nation’s health emergency.” Considering the above, Malami directed the Chairman of the NDLEA to stay further action on the recruitment exercise pending the receipt of clarification/advice from the Presidential Task Force. Malami directed the NDLEA Chairman to notify the applicants of the development accordingly. It would be recalled that Col. Muhammad Mustapha Abdallah (Rtd) was removed on Friday as Chairman/Chief Executive of the NDLEA, having served his five-year tenure in office. In a letter dated Thursday, January 7, 2021, and signed by the Secretary to the Federal Government, Boss Mustapha, Abdallah was mandated to handover to the Secretary of the Agency on or before January 10, 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Malami halts NDLEA recruitment  Malami halts NDLEA recruitment 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Malami halts NDLEA recruitment  Malami halts NDLEA recruitment Malami halts NDLEA recruitment NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided