Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers on Thursday abducted a traveller along Isua-Akoko in Akoko South East Local Government Area of Ondo State, killing the driver of the victim. The driver of the victim was found in his own pool of blood inside the car as he was said to have been shot dead by the armed kidnappers. A source in the community said the driver was killed while trying to escape from the scene to avoid being kidnapped by the hoodlums. He explained that it was obvious that the owner of the vehicle was suspected to have been kidnapped by the gunmen and dragged into the bush. Confirming the abduction, the Area Commander in Ikare Akoko, Mr Razak Rauf, said police from area had been drafted to the area to comb the forest in order to rescue the victim. He said the police from the state would get to the root of the incident and bring the perpetrators to book. Rauf said the remains of the late driver had been deposited at the mortuary of the State Specialist Hospital in Ikare Akoko. The Chief Medical Director of Ikare State Specialist Hospital, Dr Ayodele Ogunlade, also confirmed that police from the area brought a corpse to the hospital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided