Three hundred males, 83 females and one infant out of the 802 stranded Nigerians in Saudi Arabia on Thursday arrived at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, via Saudi Air flight B773 at about 1:10 p.m. The returnees will be quarantined at the Federal Capital Territory Hajj camp for 14 days in line with the revised COVID-19 protocols by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. The Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs had on Wednesday announced that 802 Nigerian nationals will return from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Thursday and Friday. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Gabriel Aduda, made the disclosure in a statement, disclosing that the returnees will arrive Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport via two Saudi Arabian Airlines. Details later….. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… returnees from Saudi Arabia | returnees from Saudi Arabia | returnees from Saudi Arabia  | returnees from Saudi Arabia SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!