The Edo Internal Revenue Service (EIRS) the state’s revenue board, has concluded arrangements to regulate the street lottery business and other online betting, lotto and other gaming businesses in the state. EIRS, according to its Executive Chairman, Igbinidu Inneh, disclosed that the lottery regulation is in line with the implementation of the Edo State Gaming Law 2020. Inneh, who disclosed this, in a chat with journalists, said that the service had reorganised its operations leveraging technology to engage with the operators of sports betting, lotto and lottery businesses in the state. According to him, the new law empowers the service to issue licenses to operators and their agents, noting that all operators had been mandated to obtain relevant licenses and register their agents. He added that an extensive public enlightenment campaign was being undertaken to inform the operators of their obligations to the government to ensure that the people were better informed on the new law and ensure full compliance with the state’s laws guiding their operations. “The Edo Gaming Law 2020 is now in effect in the state. This provides for industry-wide regulation of the state’s gaming industry and paves the way for the EIRS to engage with actors within the space,” he disclosed. The board, he added, would ensure that operators within the space were well served with the relevant information regarding their obligations “and how they are now to conduct their operations. “Aside the public enlightenment efforts being carried out, we are also reaching out to the stakeholders and actors within the online gaming and pools betting space to ensure that they are self-compliant as the EIRS will ensure strict enforcement of the provisions of the law in regulating the sector.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!