The 11th session of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) Assembly will take place in a virtual setting from January 18 to 21, with related stakeholder meetings held virtually on January 13 and 14. It will bring together Heads of State/Government, Ministers and energy decision-makers among its Membership and States-in-accession, as well as multilateral organisations, global stakeholders and private actors to reassess long-standing assumptions, perceived barriers and default decisions, and discuss the energy transition as an investment in our collective future. A high-level panel on Energy Transition for Sustainable Post-COVID Recovery will feature high-level participants including Heads of State, Ministers, heads of international and regional organisations and private actors, who will share their views on the role of the energy transition driven by renewables as a response to the pandemic and draw out strategies to simultaneously advance multiple economic, social and climate priorities. Four Ministerial Plenary sessions will take place, engaging Ministers and High-level participants on specific topics such as National Energy Planning, Finance for Renewables, Renewables and Pathway to Carbon Neutrality and Energising Healthcare. A number of Stakeholder Engagement events will be organized at the margins of the 11th IRENA Assembly that will bring specific perspectives on the energy transition from parliamentarians, youth and the private sector. The main objectives include raising awareness of the importance of intensifying global efforts to accelerate the pace of the energy transition in a post-COVID recovery and exploring short- and long-term actions that can mobilise investments in the renewable energy sector. The Assembly will also consider the conclusions of the Agency’s Council meetings and provides guidance on specific administrative and institutional matters. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 5,571 fresh COVID-19 infections which is now the highest weekly cases the country has ever recorded, Tribune Online analysis shows. [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday.  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided