THREE persons were killed, while two others were injured when men of the Oyo State Security Network Agency popularly known as Amotekun Corps, on Saturday morning, clashed with some herders in Ayete, in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State. Tribune Online gathered from a reliable source that Amotekun Corps, while searching for some kidnap victims in the forest, had encountered some herders in a shed in the forest, but they (herders) immediately took to their heels in sighting the security personnel. The source said Amotekun personnel, alongside hunters and vigilantes, had stormed the forest after a kidnap victim was released three days ago following the payment of N5 million ransom. The source further said the victim, a farmer, who was abducted last week, claimed those who abducted him were herders and that was why the security personnel stormed the forest, which he claimed he was kept. “The security personnel then followed the herdsmen who ran to their cluster in the forest and before anybody knew what was happening, they had hacked a vigilante man who was on the Amotekun team. “This then resulted in a full clash with the Fulani in the forest. I cant, however, say the number of people who died,” the source said. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted, said when the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Ayete got wind of the incident, he quickly moved to the scene in order to ascertain the cause of the attack. “In his report, three persons died, while two were injured, and he has commenced an investigation into the incident.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Amotekun herders clash  Amotekun herders clash 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Amotekun herders clash  Amotekun herders clash NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided