Management of General Hospital, Ijede in Lagos State has said it has not shut down the facility contrary to the rumour flying around on some social media platforms that some staff of the hospital have contracted the COVID-19. While describing the report as untrue and fabricated, the office of the Medical Director/CEO of the hospital, Dr. (Mrs) Olufunmilayo Bankole in a statement issued on Friday said the facility remains open to the public 24-hour daily even before the beginning of the second wave of the pandemic. She implored the general public, especially residents of Ijede Community, to disregard the misinformation contained in the viral post, describing it as malicious and deceitful and capable of damaging the reputation and integrity of the highly revered facility and its hard-working staff. “We appeal to our esteemed clients to continue to patronise the facility for all their medical care. You must, however, comply with general safety precautions like wearing face masks, washing of hands at the hospital gate before gaining entrance, and observing physical distancing as all patients will be directed to do at various service points within the hospital,” she stated. She, therefore, appealed to all its clients to continue to patronise the hospital for all medical care, stressing that they must, however, comply with all COVID-19 safety protocols as directed by the State and Federal Governments as well as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Ijede General Hospital management    Ijede General Hospital management 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Ijede General Hospital management    Ijede General Hospital management NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!