The outgoing United States President, Donald Trump has granted clemency to range from rappers to financiers and lobbyists. Notable names on the list compiled by The Guardian of UK include: Steve Bannon Bannon, 67, was a key adviser in Trump’s 2016 presidential run. He was charged last year with swindling Trump supporters over an effort to raise private funds to build the president’s wall on the US-Mexico border. He has pleaded not guilty. White House officials had advised Trump against pardoning Bannon, who left the Trump administration in late 2017. The two men have lately rekindled their relationship as Trump sought support for his unproven claims of voter fraud, an official familiar with the situation said. Elliott Broidy Broidy, a major Republican party fundraiser, pleaded guilty in October to acting as an unregistered foreign agent, admitting to accepting money to secretly lobby the Trump administration for Chinese and Malaysian interests. He has been pardoned. Broidy held finance posts in Trump’s 2016 campaign and on his inaugural committee. Prosecutors alleged Broidy received millions of dollars in payments from an unnamed foreign national to try to arrange the end of a U.S. investigation into billions of dollars embezzled from 1MDB, a Malaysian government investment fund. Kwame Kilpatrick The former Detroit mayor was sentenced in 2013 to 28 years in prison following his conviction on two dozen charges including racketeering, bribery and extortion from a conspiracy, which prosecutors said had worsened the city’s financial crisis. Kilpatrick, 50, once seen as a rising star in the Democratic party, received one of the longest corruption sentences ever handed to a major US politician. Kilpatrick, who was mayor from 2002 to 2008, extorted bribes from contractors who wanted to get or keep Detroit city contracts, prosecutors said. His sentence has been commuted. Lil Wayne Lil Wayne, 38, whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter, pleaded guilty in federal court in December to illegally possessing a firearm and faced up to 10 years in prison. He was scheduled to be sentenced in March in Florida. A year earlier, the Grammy winner was found with a loaded, gold-plated .45-caliber handgun in his baggage aboard a private plane that had landed at an executive airport near Miami. A previous felony conviction made it illegal for the rapper to have the weapon or ammunition. In October, Wayne tweeted a picture of himself with Trump following what he called a “great meeting” with the president. He has been pardoned. Rapper Kodak Black Black, 23, who was born Bill Kahan Kapri, is in federal prison for making a false statement to buy a firearm, and released the album called Bill Israel from behind bars. Black pleaded guilty in August 2019, and three months later was sentenced to three years and 10 months in prison. He is seeking compassionate release. In a since-deleted tweet in November, Black promised to spend $1m on charity if the president released him, the hip-hop magazine XXL reported. His sentence has been commuted. Sholam Weiss Weiss was convicted of bilking $125m from National Heritage Life Insurance and its elderly policyholders. He fled the United States and was sentenced in absentia in 2000 to 845 years in prison, but he was eventually extradited from Austria. Weiss, 66, is at a US penitentiary in Pennsylvania, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons. Trump lawyers from his first impeachment, Alan Dershowitz and Jay Sekulow, sent letters to the White House in support of Weiss. His sentence has been commuted. Anthony Levandowski Levandowski, a former Google engineer, pleaded guilty to stealing secret technology related to self-driving cars from the company before becoming the head of Uber’s rival unit. In August, a judge in San Francisco sentenced Levandowski to 18 months in prison but said he could enter custody once the Covid-19 pandemic has subsided. The judge, William Alsup, who has been involved in Silicon Valley litigation for nearly five decades, described Levandowski’s conviction as the “biggest trade secret crime I have ever seen”. He has been pardoned.  Other pardons and commutations Todd Boulanger Abel Holtz Rick Renzi Kenneth Kurson Casey Urlacher Carl Andrews Boggs Dr Scott Harkonen Johnny D Phillips Jr Dr Mahmoud Reza Banki James E Johnson Jr Tommaso Buti Glen Moss Aviem Sella John Nystrom Scott Conor Crosby Lynn Barney Joshua J Smith Amy Povah Dr Frederick Nahas David Tamman Dr Faustino Bernadett Paul Erickson Gregory Jorgensen, Deborah Jorgensen, Martin Jorgensen (posthumous) Todd Farha, Thaddeus Bereday, William Kale, Paul Behrens, Peter Clay Patrick Lee Swisher Robert Sherrill Dr Robert S Corkern David Lamar Clanton George Gilmore Desiree Perez Robert “Bob” Zangrillo Hillel Nahmad Brian McSwain John Duncan Fordham William “Ed” Henry Randall “Duke” Cunningham – conditional pardon Stephen Odzer Steven Benjamin Floyd Joey Hancock David E Miller James Austin Hayes Drew Brownstein Robert Bowker Amir Khan David Rowland Jessica Frease Robert Cannon “Robin” Hayes Thomas Kenton “Ken” Ford Michael Liberty Greg Reyes Ferrell Damon Scott Jerry Donnell Walden Jeffrey Alan Conway Benedict Olberding Syrita Steib-Martin Michael Ashley Lou Hobbs Matthew Antoine Canady Mario Claiborne Rodney Nakia Gibson Tom Leroy Whitehurst Monstsho Eugene Vernon Luis Fernando Sicard DeWayne Phelps Isaac Nelson Traie Tavares Kelly Javier Gonzales Douglas Jemal Eric Wesley Patton Robert William Cawthon Hal Knudson Mergler Gary Evan Hendler John Harold Wall Steven Samuel Grantham Clarence Olin Freeman Fred Keith Alford John Knock Kenneth Charles Fragoso Luis Gonzalez Anthony DeJohn Corvain Cooper Way Quoe Long Michael Pelletier Craig Cesal Darrell Frazier Lavonne Roach Blanca Virgen Robert Francis Brian Simmons Derrick Smith Jaime A Davidson Raymond Hersman David Barren James Romans Jonathon Braun Michael Harris Kyle Kimoto Chalana McFarland Eliyahu Weinstein John Estin Davis Alex Adjmi Noah Kleinman Tena Logan MaryAnne Locke Jawad A Musa Adriana Shayota April Coots Caroline Yeats Jodi Lynn Richter Kristina Bohnenkamp Mary Roberts Cassandra Ann Kasowski Lerna Lea Paulson Ann Butler Sydney Navarro Tara Perry Jon Harder Chris Young Adrianne Miller Fred “Dave” Clark William Walters James Brian Cruz Salomon Melgen In addition, President Trump commuted the sentences to time served for the following individuals: Jeff Cheney, Marquis Dargon, Jennings Gilbert, Dwayne L Harrison, Reginald Dinez Johnson, Sharon King, and Hector Madrigal Sr. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided