No fewer than 18 persons were arrested for partaking in vandalising the palace of Emir of Shinkafi in Zamfara State. Tribune Online gathered that the irate youths on Saturday took to the streets of Shinkafi town and went to the houses of two persons and the Emir’s palace holding cutlasses and some weapons. Zamfara State Police Command public relations officer, SP Mohammed Shehu, said the youths were suspected to be sponsored to undermine relative peace enjoyed in the area. “We have arrested 18 suspects for organising and partaking in an unlawful assembly, illicit demonstration and damage to public and private properties in Shinkafi Local Goverment Area. “The youths who were suspected to be sponsored to undermine the relative peace of the area. They were carrying Dane guns, cutlasses and sticks  to the Palace of Emir of Shinkafi and houses of one Murtala Dele and Moyi Sidi where they vandalised the windows and doors of the  three houses.” He disclosed that the joint police and military force quickly responded and dispersed the protesters to avoid unwarranted breakdown of law and order and possible loss of lives and properties. “Eighteen (18) Suspects were arrested in possession of Dane guns, cutlasses and sticks.” He said all the suspects are in police custody and are undergoing interrogation. He added that the Commissioner of Police, Mr Abutu Yaro, has ordered the State CID to commence a discreet investigation into the unlawful protest with a view to unravelling the circumstances behind the act. He further warned parents and guardians to always have firm control of their children so that they are not involved in violent activities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why Sanusi Was My Choice As Emir Of Kano ― Kwankwaso Former governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has defended his choice of former Governor of Central Bank, Muhammad Sanusi II, as the Emir of Kano. Incumbent Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, at a… Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother…    18 persons arrested for vandalising emir’s palace in Zamfara Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided