An indigenous tech firm, Tros Technologies, has announced a free cybersecurity training, an engaging online video-based training programmS to help small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and big corporate alike in the country tackle the rising trend of cyber risk. The firm said that as the incident of Coronavirus continues to force people to work from home, cyber criminals are continuously on the prowl to exploit the environment with data breach and revenue losses. Tros Technologies has also created an app, EasyAppz, a platform for Small and Medium-sized businesses to create their personal Apps by following three steps, thus, enhancing further digitization of small business operations. The company explained that the robust cybersecurity training programme is designed to educate employees on common threats to their organisation’s cybersecurity and offers a new way for small to medium-sized businesses to educate their employees on cybersecurity risks and best practices amid the coronavirus pandemic, right from their home. “While many more people continue to work remotely, the problem with this is that it poses new cybersecurity and data protection risks to organisations that they likely have not dealt with up until now,” the company said in a press statement. “As many of the businesses in our community have shifted to a work from home environment to keep their doors open, we wanted to ensure that these businesses aren’t putting themselves at greater risk later down the road,”  said Mr Muyiwa Awosile, Managing Director, Tros Technologies. “Working remotely has its perks, but also comes with distractions and risks. We’re seeing a huge rise in COVID-19 scams which can pose a major risk to the security of our local businesses.” “That’s why we’re rolling out free cybersecurity training to any organisation that wants it. Whether you’re a current customer or not, we want to make sure your employees have some knowledge of how to protect your business. Right now, all that matters to us is coming together to protect our community,” he added. According to him, features and benefits of the free cybersecurity training include engaging video-based training programme accessible from anywhere; best practices for avoiding scams and protecting sensitive data; training quiz to test employee knowledge with a certificate of completion and complementary dark web scan of ones company domain. Others, according to him, are complementary phishing test of employees and easy-to-manage portal with employee metrics On the EasyAppz platform, Awosile said the platform is tagged ‘smart apps for everything and everyone the easy way’ because through the platform, an App can be developed in just three steps which are design, features and publish. He said: “For the step 1, select your app layout from our template library, choose from ready-made colour themes and add content like images, text and your business location and contact information and see what your app looks like in the design preview area. “For the second step, add features from our library. We offer you a long list of features grouped into the following categories: Monetisation, Contact, Customisation, Social Media, Events, Miscellaneous and more. “Lastly, customise the way your app looks, add your app icon and publish in Appstore, Google Playsore or create a link for a Progressive Web App (PWA). Monitize your app if you wish with Google Admob and watch your app generate a steady stream of advertising income.” Awosile further stressed that the EazyAppz platform is presenting a unique opportunity to business owners to promote their operations and brands beyond their immediate geographical settings by leveraging the easy digital resources on the platforms. “Mobile apps help you engage more with your customers and improve sales. We have made provisions for you to seamlessly develop your own Apps with features such as contactless food ordering, mCommerce, Push Notifications, Customer Loyalty Cards, Discounts and Promotions and Bookings,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!