THE planned resumption of students of public universities across the country on January 18 may not be possible if demands by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) are not met by Federal Government, Nigerian Tribune gathered at the weekend. An insider in one of the universities stated this at the weekend, adding that up till now, the December 2020 salary had not been paid. The source also said though the government claimed earned allowances had been deposited with the National Universities Commission (NUC), lecturers were yet to receive the money. In a chat with the Nigerian Tribune in Minna, on Sunday, the source said “government should know that it will be difficult for lecturers to resume work without receiving their salary, moreso when other university staff are not being owed.” The source added that it is left for the government to do its part by fulfilling its promises, adding that well-meaning Nigerians prevailed on ASUU to suspend the nine-month-old strike. “The Federal Government should not allow ASUU leadership to hold congress now, hence the problems can be compounded,” the source counselled. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!