President Muhammadu Buhari has rejoiced with seasoned diplomat and administrator, Chief Emeka Anyaoku, on his 88th birthday, congratulating the former Secretary-General of the Commonwealth for a life that keeps learning and growing in wisdom, knowledge and experience. According to a statement issued by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja, on Sunday, the acknowledged the worthy contributions of Chief Anyaoku to the development of the country, starting out as a young Foreign Service Officer, and reaching the pinnacle of his career through vision and diligence, and consistently projecting Nigeria as a great nation. The President extolled the statesmanship of Chief Anyaoku in always counselling leaders and the citizenry alike, particularly bringing a global context to issues and policies, and using his extensive network of international friends to support the country’s efforts in deepening good governance, democracy and sustainable development. The statement noted that as the former Commonwealth Secretary-General turns 88, President Buhari prayed that the Almighty God will strengthen him in good health, and grant him the grace for greater support to the nation he loves so much. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 9,833 COVID-19 Cases In Seven Days – Highest Weekly Record Last week, Nigeria surpassed its existing highest weekly record of COVID-19 infections by recording over 9,800 cases in seven days. Tribune Online analysis shows that between January 3 and 9, Nigeria recorded 9,833 cases, a sharp increase from the 5,681 cases recorded in the previous week – December 27, 2020, and January 2, 2021… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Buhari greets Emeka Anyaoku at 88 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided