Christians in Bauchi State have been assured of a conducive environment to enable them practise their religion in line with the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended recognizing the secularity of the country. The assurance was given by Governor Bala Mohammed while speaking at the inauguration of the newly elected leadership of the state chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), calling on them, however, to ensure that they always promote peace and peaceful coexistence. The governor stressed that it is only in a peaceful atmosphere that meaningful development and progress can be made, pointing out that in a chaotic atmosphere no one will be able to practice any religion, therefore, the need to be peace. Represented by the Executive Chairman of Bauchi State Orphans and Vulnerable Children Agency (BAVOCA), Hassana Arkila, the governor said that the present insecurity challenge can only be tackled when all hands are joined in the fight, saying that government alone cannot win the fight. He reiterated the commitment of his administration to promoting religious tolerance because according to him, the state is bigger than anyone no matter who the person is warning that fomenting trouble using religion will not be spared by his administration. Bala Mohammed, therefore, warned those who are in the habit of using religion to cause a crisis because it is their trademark to stop forthwith or be forced to do so by force within the laws of the country. The governor then tasked the new leadership of CAN to eschew bitterness and work together for peace and peaceful coexistence among the body of Christ which positive impact will be felt in the state. In his remarks, Emir of Bauchi, Dr Rilwanu Suleiman Adamu, challenged Christians to live in peace with everyone because according to him Christianity is a religion of peace and peaceful living. The Emir who was represented by the Wakilin Wajen Bauchi, Rev Saleh Abdu Tala challenged the new leadership of CAN to unite the church and preach peace and peaceful living stressing that the state has had enough of religious crisis and needs peace which can only be promoted by everyone. In his farewell message, outgoing CAN Chairman, Rev Joshua Ray Maina, called for unity in the body of Christ in the state because according to him, Christians have suffered enough of persecution across the country simply because there is no unity among them. In his speech, the new Chairman, Rev Abraham Damina Dimeus, assured that his leadership will not derail in promoting peace, unity and cooperation among Christians in Bauchi state because according to him it is only through such that the body of Christ can foster unity with others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!