The world is emerging with new trends and technologies that have remodelled nearly all aspects of life. With emerging trends, payment methods are also modified. The modern era is coming with no need for paper money and focusing on digital marketing. Here we have come up with the best cryptocurrency trading platform to invest in in 2021 and a brief introduction to cryptocurrency trading is given below so you can take full advantage of this technology. The decentralized virtual currency or digital marketing where coin ownership records and trading is executed in a computerized database structure is termed cryptocurrency. In such a type of trade, no authority is being involved, and all process is done on your computer with no hand to hand exchange of paper money. This platform is provided with security by cryptography to make double-spend out of question. For trading, only professional traders can do so. By trading, one can have an easy look at the cryptocurrency price movements by financial derivatives? As no hand to hand exchange is involved, a verification of coins is done. The coins like gold are verified by miners with computer IT power and they get rewards in return. Coins are marketed from wallet to wallet, checked by mining and record is kept by blockchain in blocks. The blockchain is enlisted with sender outfits, receiver features, e-coins transferred, a Hash for fingerprint, a Hash for the previous block. A new block is introduced to all users of the network followed by verification. A free transaction is also offered to viewers without the miner’s approval by tangle: IOTA’s blockchain. The market works according to supply and demand. The more people take an interest, the market grows with high demand. The market grows with factors like supply: number of coins released, coverage it takes, the value of coins, and full infrastructure in the market. The movement in price is measured by units named pips. The pip calculated at a dollar level will indicate as one pip if the price changed from $190.00 to $191.00. A feature for standardization of trading size is the batch or lot feature in trading. Lot size varies according to individual demands of coins. The trade started with bitcoin, the first digital coin that put a standard criterion and made further use of technique possible. Now many other currencies are in use by crypto traders. These are Ripple, Ethereum, EOS, Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold, etc. The pride’ feature of cryptocurrency is its first coin launched in 2009, the ‘bitcoin’.  With undertaking 68% of the total value the number exceeds 21 million with no further bitcoin production. After this, the other coin launched was AltCoins as a copy of Bitcoins. ETH is more approaching and superior to Bitcoins that has smart contracts ability and jumped to 10,000% in 2017. LTC comes with a speed 4X than Bitcoin in creating blocks but makes mining complicated that puts it at a disadvantage. Another payment coin is Ripple that is the most advanced and is engaged in work in more than 40 countries covering 300 providers. One of the biggest competitors of Ethereum is EOS that keeps effective records and transactions by faster methods. The upsides are easy money exchange via digital network and direct contact, secure transactions by privacy, and the providence of private keys to owners with very little mining fee. The services are carried out the whole day in 24 hours in 30 days of the month. The downside includes illegal activities like money laundering. Hacking is the biggest downfall in cryptocurrency marketing that has been faced for the last ten years with billions of coins lost by hacking. Cryptocurrency trading faces many challenges like illegal use, hacking, exchange rate diversity, etc., but this is gaining importance because of easy handling, online working, transparent structure, and no paper money involvement.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on people-oriented programmes to save his government from going… As The Clock Of 2021 Begins To Tick… Politicians That May Change The Face Of Nigerian Politics Year 2020 was dominated by existential threat to human survival occasioned by a global pandemic, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The nation lost some of its best and brightest in politics and the corporate world. The anxiety thrown up  by the virus could, however, not deter men of power from plying their vocations… Letter To Bishop Kukah Dear Bishop, WHEN I met you in Calabar three years ago at Southern Senators Retreat, you were still as fresh as the very Father Kukah I met in Lagos in the dangerous days of Sani Abacha when fear reigned over the land. Those were the years the Catholic church whose secretariat you headed led us to pray for Nigeria in distress… Let’s Talk About S3x, The Kaduna S3x When audacity of immorality is at issue, the celebrated case of Smith v Hughes is always referenced. It is also used to explain the mischief rule in law. By the 19th century, the English society had become so notorious for the infiltration and embarrassment caused it by commercial s3x workers on the streets of London. Prostitution… [ICYMI] After 20 Years, Alaafin Visits Soun, Duo Sues For Peace The duo of Alaafin of Oyo and Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III and Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III  have called on Nigerians to embrace peace and harmony in a bid to move the country forward. The visit of the Alaafin to the Soun of Ogbomoso came 20 years after the Alaafin visited the Soun’s palace… Covid-19 And PTF’s Mandate Extension The world is faced with a second and potentially more malicious wave of the coronavirus pandemic and countries are frenetic in their efforts to curtail the spread. Added to the new wave is a new strain of the virus that has been reported to have the propensity to spread faster than the original one. While it may not… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!