The chairman of Agbado/Oke-Odo LCDA, Hon. David Famuyiwa has shut down the Meiran Primary Health centre to prevent the community transmission of COVID-19 pandemic and allow for contact tracing of the infected persons. According to a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the chairman, Mosunmola Olabige, the closure was necessary as some staff of the health centre tested positive for Covid-19. The statement read: “In a swift reaction to contain and avert the spread of coronavirus in the communities, the Chairman of Agbado/Oke-Odo LCDA, Hon. David Famuyiwa has ordered the immediate closure of Meiran Primary Health Centre. This became necessary as some members of staff of the health centre tested positive to the dreaded virus. The chairman also ordered the immediate contact tracing of their colleagues and associates as well as patients who visited the facility in the last few days. He also used the medium to admonish the community members to take responsibility for their health and life by avoiding social events that attract large gatherings and by adhering strictly to the laid down guidelines of the use of face masks, regular hand washing and the use of sanitisers, maintaining adequate social distancing while in public places in order to flatten the curve of the pandemic.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided