A suspected strong member of Bagar cult group believed to be responsible for some killings and robberies in Ughelli, Okiemute Precious, popularly known as Bobos, has been feared killed by a rival cult group, Ayé. This is coming amid renewed cultists’ activities in Ughelli, the headquarters of Ughelli North Local Government Area, Delta State that left several youths killed at the twilight of 2020. It was gathered that the deceased was killed the same night three service mobile policemen were killed at their duty posts in Ughelli while on duty. Recall that there was a heavy shooting in Eruemukohwarien, a neighbouring community to Ughelli and Ughelli main town as the two cult groups members clashed, leading to a crossfire by both groups. A dependable source at Ughelli told journalists that the deceased’s remains were found at Ekakpamre river in Ughelli South Local Government Area of the state. The source said the news of Bobos’ death has brought a sigh of relief to Ughelli North Local Government Area and its neighbouring local government areas due to his alleged criminal records. As of the time of filing this report, the police at ‘A’ Division, Ughelli are investigating the circumstances behind his killing probably to unravel the cult group responsible for his death and those of the service mobile policemen. Spokesperson of the Delta Police Command DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, could not be immediately reached for comment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided