Determined to check the rising crime wave in Oredo Local Government Area of Edo State, the chairman of the LG, Mr Evbareke Jenkins Osunde, has donated a Toyota Hilux utility van to Oredo Vigilance team. Osunde restated the commitment of the council to tackle the nefarious activities of criminal elements operating within the council’s domain. The council boss who called for increased operational efficiency of the local vigilance group in order to protect lives and property of the residents noted that he was encouraged by the state-wide formidable security architecture established by Governor Godwin Obaseki, as the three-pronged law enforcement strategy of the council was principally anchored on the governor’s proactive vision. Osunde remarked that members of the vigilance team performed creditably well during the recent end-of-year festivities when criminals in the council assumed they could use opportunities provided by the seasonal ceremonies to inflict harm on the people. He said: “Contrary to the assumption by the deadly deviants in our community, the Vigilance team, working in close collaboration with the Nigeria Police and other security agencies launched a series of successful daring operations against armed gangs, cultists and kidnappers during the Christmas and New Year celebrations.” Osunde reaffirmed the commitment of the council to ensuring that “Oredo Local Government Area will be made a hostile terrain for criminals plotting harm within its jurisdiction,” assuring that the council would be safe and secured for everybody who engages in legitimate endeavours in the local government area. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided