Suspected bandits have killed 10 people in a fresh attack at Janbako village of Maradun Local Government Area in Zamfara State. A resident of the village, Malam Ibrahim Janbako, told Tribune Online that scores of bandits on motorcycles besieged the village at around 10:25 am on Sunday, with weapons, shooting sporadically in the town. He revealed that during the encounter with bandits, the vigilantes killed five of the bandits but they took away the bodies and ran into the forest. “As I am talking to you now, we buried six people and we are preparing for the burial of the remaining four killed by the bandits. We have sent vigilantes to guard our cemetery in order to have a chance to bury our people killed by the bandits. “As soon as we heard sounds of gunshots, our people run into the bush including women and children but unfortunately, we lost ten people,” he said. He commended the security personnel particularly the military and police for their quick response after receiving their distress call. He appealed to Zamfara State and Federal Government to deploy more joint task forces to the area to intensify efforts to mitigate insecurity bedevilling the state as a result of the activities of bandits. Efforts to get Zamfara State police command public relations officer, SP Muhammad Shehu, failed as all his telephone numbers were switched off as at the time of filing the report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Records 9,833 COVID-19 Cases In Seven Days – Highest Weekly Record Last week, Nigeria surpassed its existing highest weekly record of COVID-19 infections by recording over 9,800 cases in seven days. Tribune Online analysis shows that between January 3 and 9, Nigeria recorded 9,833 cases, a sharp increase from the 5,681 cases recorded in the previous week – December 27, 2020, and January 2, 2021… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits kill 10 in Zamfara fresh attack SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided