Preliminary investigations into the January 16 oil spill near Funiwa offshore facilities off the Atlantic coast, got underway on Friday with a visit by Bayelsa government officials, regulatory agencies and representatives of impacted communities. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that fishermen around the Atlantic Ocean coastline had on January 17 sighted and reported an oil leak suspected to be from the Funiwa fields following the leakage of the previous day. However, the operator of the nearby Funiwa field, Chevron denied responsibility for the leakage. Chevron, First Exploration and Production (First E& P) and Conoil  Producing Limited have operations near the spill incident location. Mr Alagoa Morris, an environmentalist and Head of Field Operations, Environment Right Action, a civil society body who was part of the delegation, explained that the visit was not the statutory Joint Investigative Visit (JIV). Morris said that the trip could not be a JIV as none of the oil companies operating in the area was represented adding that it was a fact finding mission to assess the level of impact on the people and environment. “The visit was an assessment trip to see things and suggest the way forward given the fact that no oil company has owned up, it cannot be a JIV because no oil company was represented so we shall submit an interim report to guide further action,” Morris said. Also Mr Kiwei Emmanuel, Youth President of Koluama 1, one of the worst hit areas by the spill told NAN on Saturday that the team was made up of officials of Bayelsa Ministries of Environment, Mineral Resources as well as Senior Special Assistant to Bayelsa Governor on oil and gas. According to him, the regulators, Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) and National Oil Spills Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) took samples from the sediments at the coastline for laboratory tests to trace the source of pollution. Emmanuel said that members of the team also saw heaps of fishing nets, fishing gear and accessories destroyed by the oil leak, and traced the spread of the crude along the coast into the creeks and mangrove vegetation. NAN gathered that the National Oil Spills Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) had summoned all the oil firms operating in the shallow waters near Koluama in Bayelsa in a bid to identify the source of the leaks which had polluted the area. Mr Musa Idris, Director-General at NOSDRA had told NAN in a telephone interview that the spill regulatory agency would dispatch its officials to the incident site. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!