The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has told President Muhammadu Buhari that his plea for pass mark from the elite over his work is an attempt to corrupt records. The PDP’s reaction followed the president’s Saturday’s accusations of harassment from the Nigerian elite despite his hard work for the country as well as the earlier claim by the presidency that there was an orchestrated plot to smear him. In a statement issued by the Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary in Abuja on Sunday, the PDP posited that the allegations by the presidency have further confirmed that the administration is being haunted by the shadows of its own failures. The PDP counselled the president to stop his “new-found pleading with Nigerians to award him an unmerited pass mark.” The party stated that such a plea in the face of the manifest failures of his administration amounts to an assault on the sensibilities of Nigerians and an attempt to corrupt the records. It further said: “It is clear that the Buhari-led APC administration is plagued by all-round failure in governance. If indeed it has any record of success in any sector, Mr President would not be begging Nigerians, even in his home state, Katsina and among his party members, to award him a pass mark. “It is, however, absurd that President Buhari is still pleading for an undeserved pass mark when his administration has plunged our nation into the worst economic crisis, wrecked our productive sectors, borrowed from all corners of the world, stagnated our infrastructure, elevated corruption, allowed APC leaders to loot and stash away over N15 trillion from our national coffers while leaving bandits, terrorists, kidnappers to continue to ravage our nation. “If the Buhari-led APC administration had done well, will the APC be going about orchestrating a membership revalidation and begging people to award it fictitious pass marks? “President Buhari’s approval rating has fallen so low that even members of his party, the APC, have abandoned him to seek for direction and leadership elsewhere. “The situation is so bad that barely two years into his four years and final tenure, leaders of his party, the APC, are already searching frantically for his replacement with some of them already commencing campaign activities. “It is rather appalling that instead of facing reality, the Buhari Presidency is threatening Nigerians and overheating the polity will allegations of plots to wage a ‘smear campaign’ against President Buhari in unnamed online newspapers. “Such allegation is only symptomatic of a failed administration that is looking for who to blame for its woes. This is more so as any fair appraisal of the Buhari-led APC will only present a litany of failures and woes.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!