Thirteen people on Monday afternoon escaped death in multiple road crashes in Anambra State. Confirming the incident in a statement, the Public Education Officer of the Anambra State Sector Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Florence Edor, said the accident occurred at about 1.40 pm at Upper Iweka area of the commercial town. According to Edor, “the accident involved an unidentified driver of Toyota Harrier Jeep with registration number AAA 935 FN, an unidentified driver of an Atrai wagon bus with registration number BLF 02 XB and another unidentified driver of Atrai wagon bus with registration number HKW 07 XZ”. Eyewitness report according to her indicated that the crash occurred due to obstruction, excessive speeding and loss of control. Edor said that a total of seventeen persons were involved in the crash comprising nine male adults, seven female adults and one child. She pointed out that eleven persons – eight male adults and three female adults – sustained varying degrees of injury, and were taken to unknown hospital by a good Samaritan before the arrival of FRSC rescue team from Upper Iweka Outpost. In a similar development, an unidentified driver of Mitsubishi L300 bus owned by His Grace Mass Transit with registration KPP 191 YT had a lone traffic crash before Starch Mill ULI in Ihiala at about 5.30 pm also on Monday. Eyewitness report claimed that the accident was as a result of tyre burst which led to the loss of control. Fourteen persons were said to be involved in the crash comprising of 10 male adults and four female adults. Two male adults, our source claimed, sustained varying degrees of injury and were rushed to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital Ihiala by FRSC rescue team from Ihiala Command. Meanwhile, the Anambra State Sector Commander of FRSC Andrew A Kumapayi has wished the injured accelerated recovery while calling on motorists to always be conscious of all safety rules meant to prevent crashes. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!