President Muhammadu Buhari has sent a message of condolence on the passing away of Abdullahi Ibrahim, SAN, his first Minister of Education, Science and Technology as Military Head of State, who later served in the Ministry of Transportation. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja, on Sunday, which disclosed this, informed that the late lawyer was also Attorney General and Minister of Justice under the regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar. According to the statement, in the message on Sunday, President Buhari described Abdullahi Ibrahim as an “exemplary lawyer and statesman with impeccable integrity who will be remembered for his selfless service to the country. Part of it read: “He was an extraordinary philanthropist who rendered legal services without charge to many who could not pay. “As Minister in my government, Abdullahi Ibrahim will be remembered for doing so much to empower the girl child, including access to education. His work as a member of the Nigerian team that negotiated the Maritime Boundary Treaty between Nigeria and the Republic of Equatorial Guinea and the Unitization Agreement of the Zafiro/Ekanga Oil Fields has left an indelible mark on the trajectory of this country’s history and development. “His accomplishments will continue to make us proud.” “On behalf of his family and the entire nation, President Buhari extends condolences and sympathies to the bereaved family and the government and people of Kogi State.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 70 COVID-19 Deaths Last Week – Highest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 70 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in six months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 78 deaths reported in the 30th week of the pandemic (July 19 – July 25)… Buhari mourns ex-minister, Abdulahi Ibrahim ICYMI: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… Buhari mourns ex-minister, Abdulahi Ibrahim SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided