Seven lawmakers elected on the platform of the Allied People’s Movement (APM) into the Ogun State House of Assembly, on Thursday, defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The affected lawmakers were Minority Leader, Hon Ganiyu Oyedeji (Ifo 11), Hon Musefiu Lamidi (Ado Odo Ota 11), Hon Yusuf Amosun (Ewekoro), Hon Sikiratu Ajibola (Ipokia), Hon Bolanle Ajayi (Yewa South), Hon Adeniran Ademola (Sagamu 11) and Hon Modupe Mujota-Onikepo (Abeokuta North). The announcement of their resignation of the membership of APM was announced on the floor of the State House of Assembly, during a plenary session, in different letters read by the Speaker of the House, Hon. Olakunle Oluomo. The lawmakers said their decision to join APC had the full support of their supporters after wide consultations. Oluomo welcomed the new entrants to APC and admonished other minority members in the House to join the train in moving the state forward. The party now has 22 members with PDP 1 and ADC three. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!