Yet-to-identified gunmen have killed a plumber identified as Emeka Ojere at Ugbomro, host to Federal University of Petroleum Resources (FUPRE), in Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta State. The father-of-three hails from Oyoko-Abavo in Ika South Local Government Area of the state but was resident at the PTI axis of Effurun in Uvwie LGA. It was gathered on Sunday afternoon that Ojere was shot dead in his G-LK Mercedes car on Saturday at Ugbomro community. The deceased driver, identified as Mr Egbehon, disclosed to journalists that he was in the car with his boss and another occupant when the gunmen swooped on them and shot at the deceased, killing him instantly. While adding that late Ojere trained him in plumbing, Egbehon narrated further that they were on a visit to a kinsman when the incident happened. “We went to Ogbomro community to visit one of our townsmen, but suddenly gunmen blocked us and asked us to lie down. My boss was shot at and they left,” Egbehon said. It was gathered that the car in which the deceased was killed was not stolen nor was any other occupant shot nor money stolen from them, bringing in the suspicion that Ojere could have been a victim of assassination. With the killing already being reported at Ebrumede Police Station, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Police Command, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who confirmed the incident, said operatives of the command were already on the trail of the assailants. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!