Renewed interest in Seplat shares, on Thursday, buoyed the local equities market index to climb by 0.31 per cent to close at 40,590.85 points. Against the foregoing, the Nigerian Stock Exchange’s All Share Index (ASI) notched a 0.3 pee cent gain with Month-to-Date and Year-to-Date returns both increasing to +0.79 per cent. Similarly, the market’s worth appreciated to N21.22 trillion as investors gain N65.73 billion. Overall performance was uptick as the Exchange recorded 27 gainers as against 14 losers at the close of the trading session. FTN Cocoa and Seplat topped the gainers’ list after appreciating by ten per cent respectively, while Sovereign Insurance and Courville recorded the largest losses of the day after shedding 9.1 per cent and 8.7 per cent from their respective shares. The performance was positive across sub-sector indices tracked as three out of five closed in green; the NSE Banking, NSE Consumer Goods and the NSE Oil/Gas increased by 0.53 per cent, 0.75 per cent and 5.65 per cent respectively. On the flip side, the NSE Insurance index fell by 0.02 per cent while the NSE Industrial index closed flat. The activity was upbeat as the total volume of trades increased significantly by 755.0 per cent to 2.13 billion units, valued at N7.51 billion, and exchanged in 4,558 deals. Champion Breweries was the most traded stock by volume and value at 1.91 billion units and N4.95 billion, respectively. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… Seplat stocks push market to positive close by 0.31 per cent [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Seplat stocks push market to positive close by 0.31 per cent Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided