Former Deputy National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olabode George, has mourned the passing of former vice-chancellor of University of Lagos (Unilag), Professor Oyewusi Ibidapo-Obe, describing the late scholar as a good man who served the institution with selfless dignity, defined purpose and truth. George, who is also the Atona Odua of Yorubaland, said this in a statement made available to Tribune Online, and further describing as a friend and my brother who would be missed where truth and wisdom were honoured. “He was my friend and my brother in accordance with Yoruba cosmology. Oyewusi was brilliant as brilliant could be. “He was a mathematician, an engineer system analyst, a professional with bristling articulated intelligence. “He was a good man who served as the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos with selfless dignity, with a defined purpose. with truth and admirable solidify,” he said. Besides, George described the former vice-chancellor as sociable, humble, gracious, who was full of love and instinctively good at heart, with comprehensive largeness, adding: “Oye will be missed where truth and wisdom are honoured.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… Olabode George mourns Ibidapo-Obe [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Olabode George mourns Ibidapo-Obe Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided