Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has announced the deployment of additional operatives of the Amotekun Corps to Ibarapaland. The move is part the government’s security strategy for that zone following the meeting held with representatives of Igangan, Ibarapaland which was attended by security stakeholders including the recently appointed Commissioner of Police, Oyo State, Ngozi Onadeko. Giving details on the new strategy in a release on Wednesday, Governor Makinde stated that “We have resolved to redeploy 200 members of the Oyo State Western Nigeria Security Network codenamed Amotekun to kidnapping/banditry hotspots in the state, especially in the Ibarapa and Oke-Ogun zones. These operatives will launch missions to rid the forests of criminals. They will be presenting daily reports of the activities to me in the short run and periodic reports in the long run. “In the next few weeks, we will hold town hall meetings and community outreaches, bringing together residents and security agencies to talk about any issues of immediate concern and how they can be resolved through dialogue and more effective community policing. “As stated in an earlier press conference, we will be proceeding with the documentation of foreigners, especially those who are working in mines. This will ensure that only foreigners who have legitimate interests in Oyo State will remain within our territory. “We will continue to enforce the Oyo State Open Rearing and Grazing Regulation Law, 2019. This law also regulates the activities of herdsmen in Oyo State. We have directed the Amotekun Corps to continue collaborating with ‘Operation Burst’ and local vigilante groups in enforcing this law. You will recall that in the security meeting of South-west governors and other stakeholders two days ago, it was agreed that open grazing be banned in the entire South-west zone.” The governor added that “Our administration will continue to support the police and other federal security agencies posted to the state in the discharge of their duties. “We are aware that some farmers have been killed and/or lost their livelihoods to criminal trespass and damage by pastoralists. And so, the State Executive Council is considering the possibility of compensation payments to families of victims or victims of this criminality who can prove their claims. “We have started the process of prosecuting all suspects arrested for criminal activities in Ibarapa and the Oke-Ogun zones of the state in connection with the ongoing tensions in the area.” The governor thanked residents of Oyo State who complied with the directive to remain peaceful and called on all residents to stay vigilant and always contact the security agencies empowered by law to deal with security issues. “We remain resolute in our commitment to protect the lives and properties of residents of our dear state,” Makinde stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!