Following the due diligence process, FMDQ Securities Exchange Limited, through its Board Listings and Markets Committee, has approved the quotation of the Total Nigeria PLC N2.25 billion Series 1 and N12.75 billion Series 2 Commercial Papers (CPs) under its N30.00 billion CP Issuance Programme. It also admitted the Mixta Real Estate Plc N2.00 billion Series 32 Commercial Paper under its N20.00 billion CP Issuance Programme, as well as the registration of the Valency Agro Nigeria Limited N20.00 billion Commercial Paper Programme, on its platform. The debut issuance of Total Nigeria Plc’s CP, following a volatile period for the oil and gas industry as disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic demonstrates innovation and confidence in the Nigerian debt capital market (DCM) towards supporting the vibrance of this sector and in turn the reactivation of the Nigerian economy. The issue attracted significant demand from a wide range of investors – resulting in a subscription level of over four times the initial issue size – a demonstration of investor’s confidence in the company. Commenting on the quotation of the Issue, the Managing Director of Total Nigeria, Mr Imrane Barry, explained that “the Programme was set up to enable the company to further broaden its sources of capital by accessing funding from the Nigerian debt capital markets, while also reducing its overall funding costs”. He thanked investors for supporting the company’s debut Issue and commended the financial advisers, Stanbic IBTC Capital Limited and FBNQuest Merchant Bank Limited, for ensuring the success of the Issue despite the challenging environment. Also commenting on the quotation, Tokunbo Aturamu, Head of Debt Capital Markets, Stanbic IBTC Capital expressed delight that Total Nigeria has joined the growing list of blue-chip corporates which have embraced CP issuances in the Nigerian debt capital markets as a means of funding its working capital requirements.   He also thanked the Board and Management of Total Nigeria for the opportunity given to Stanbic IBTC Capital to act as Sole Arranger, as well as Joint Dealer alongside FBNQuest Merchant Bank, to the N15.00 billion debut CP issuance under the Programme. In the same vein., with double-digit inflation rates and soaring food prices compounded by the growing Nigerian population, it has become more imperative to catalyse the country’s agricultural value chain transformation in a bid to drive increased and sustainable production of agricultural products as well as foreign earnings through exports. Valency Agro Nigeria Limited (Valency Agro), is incorporated in Nigeria as a private limited liability company under Valency International Pte Limited (Valency International) – an International commodity trading house with its presence in over 15 countries – deals in the sourcing, production, and trading of Agro and consumer food products. In his remarks, the Managing Director, Valency International Pte Ltd, Mr. Sunil Dhanuka, said “We are glad for the successful registration of Valency Agro’s N20.00 billion CP Issuance Programme. We also commend FMDQ for the seamless process despite the COVID-19 pandemic and the various restrictions. In line with our vision to grow within the agricultural value chain in Nigeria, Valency Agro is committed to ensure the growth of the Agriculture sector through our deep involvement in Cashew, Sesame, Cocoa and other produce. Proceeds from this CP Programme will be used towards meeting the midterm working capital requirements of the various agricultural produce and on value addition prior to export”. The registration and quotation of these CPs on FMDQ Exchange endorse the evolution of FMDQ Holdings PLC into a world-class vertically integrated financial market infrastructure group and its strategic role as a market organiser, committed to advancing the growth of the Nigerian financial market. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided