Former Green Eagles Captain who led the team to win the first African Cup of Nations for Nigeria in 1980, Christian Chukwu, has clocked the age of 70 years. Christian Chukwu, who was also the coach of the national football team, the Super Eagles, was hailed by the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF), wishing him a happy birthday. Chukwu, who was fondly called the Chairman during his playing days as a defender for the Green Eagles, played alongside Segun Odegbami, Muda Lawal, Adokiye Amesiemaka, Emmanuel Okala, Best Ogedegbe, among others. The team which he captained defeated the Algerian national team at the final of the African Cup of Nations by 3-0 at the National Stadium, Surulere, Lagos, in the presence of late former President Shehu Shagari, former governor Jim Nwobodo of old Anambra State, among other dignitaries. Born on January 4, 1951, Chukwu also played for the Rangers football club of Enugu where he also became the captain. From 2003 to 2005, he coached the Super Eagles, leading them to reach semifinals at the 2004 African Cup of Nations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Why Sanusi Was My Choice As Emir Of Kano ― Kwankwaso Former governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, has defended his choice of former Governor of Central Bank, Muhammad Sanusi II, as the Emir of Kano.Incumbent Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, at a… Apple Goes Into Car Production Tech giant, Apple, makers of iPhone, MacBook, and other high-end gadgets has decided to expand its business by going into the production of self-driving cars with high-performance batteries by 2024… Kano Youth, 23 Years, Marries 46-Year-Old American Mother A Kano youth, Suleiman Isah Isah, 23 years, of Panshekara in Kano metropolis has married his heartthrob, Janine Sanchezt, a 46-year-old American mother… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided