Police operatives in ‘A’ Division of the Delta Police Command, Ughelli, with the assistance of members of vigilance group, have killed two armed robbery suspects during a gun duel on Sunday. One of the suspects reportedly escaped with bullet wounds after the police foiled the criminal gang’s attempt to rob customers who were leaving a bank’s ATM at about 3.00 p.m on Sunday after withdrawing some money. The Delta State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, confirmed that the police operatives had received a distress call that the gang of three armed robbers were operating close to one of the new generation banks along Market road Ughelli and they swung into action immediately. DSP Onovwakpoyeya disclosed further that when the police operatives got to the scene, the robbers entered their car and fled, but the police gave them a hot chase which resulted in a gun-duel along Isoko road, leading to the killing of two of the three robbers while the third escaped with bullets. It was gathered that two locally-made pistols, live cartridges, one expended cartridge and one Golf 3 red car with Reg. No. AJ 220 EFR were recovered from the suspected robbers while the police is said to be on the trail of the fleeing wounded suspect. Recall that last Wednesday, a gang of three-armed robbers, which specialises in robbing unexpected POS operators, trailed a POS operator from one of the new generation banks in Ughelli metropolis to his house in Uduere Street, shot him dead and made away with his money. Two of a five-man gang of armed robbers terrorising Ighwrekan and its environs in Ughelli South LGA, it will also be recalled, were also caught after robbing a POS operator at Ighwrekan community. They were subsequently killed and burnt. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided