The Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON) said it has devised more efficient measures  against importation of substandard products   to protect local manufacturers in the country. The Director-General of SON, Mallam Farouk Salim stated this during a visit to the organization’s office in Awka, Anambra State, on Saturday. According to Mallam Salim, the agency will continue to discourage importers of substandard products from short-changing unsuspecting consumers. He also announced plans to improve workers welfare and increase engagement with stakeholders in the country, noting that the move by the agency would help protect the interest of the business community while also safeguarding life and property. The Director-General assured that the organization would work with stakeholders to sensitize the business community on the need to promote  safety and standards. In his opening remark, Anambra State Coordinator, SON, Engineer Olalekan Omoniyi said that the visit showed their active commitment to promoting quality assurance and create enabling environment for innovations that will stimulate national self-sufficiency. ALSO READ: Gov Badaru dismisses political aide days after changing his portfolio He solicited for more efforts towards  building   state’s permanent office, noting that the site is gradually been encroached upon by land speculators. Earlier while welcoming the DG, the state Director of Inspectorate and Compliance of SON, Engineer Obiora Manafa noted that the DG’s tour of all offices across the state shows his intention to turn the organization around for better. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!