Nigeria’s National Identity Management Commission has said correction of details in the National Identity Number (NIN) would come with varying charges. The NIMC Regional Coordinator in Alausa, Lagos, Funmi Opensanwo, said the charges vary from correction of details like name, address, card renewal or replacement and date of birth. Speaking on Channels Television Programme, Sunrise Daily on Wednesday, Opensanwo said “the money we charge is for modification fee. “For the date of birth correction, the processing fee is N15,000. For card renewal or card replacement, there is a processing fee of N5,000. “For a modification of your name and address, there is a fee of N5,000.” Furthermore, she said the fees “are for services and (things) to be corrected. They are payable to the Treasury Single Account (TSA) and not anybody.” Opensanwo’s explanations were in response to allegations that officials of the commission have been demanding illegal fees from Nigerians to link their NIN to their sim cards. Recall that the Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC) in December 2020 gave a two-week ultimatum to telecom service providers to block phone numbers without NIN. This directive attracted outrage amongst Nigerians who said the government agencies can retrieve their information on other data platform to update their sim card registration. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Nigerians to pay N25000  Nigerians to pay N25000 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Nigerians to pay N25000  Nigerians to pay N25000 NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided