Social media giant, Facebook, says it has closed several accounts linked to Uganda’s Ministry of Information and Communications Technology ahead of the country’s presidential election on Thursday. In a statement on Monday, the company said it took the action because the affected accounts were being used for “coordinated inauthentic behaviour”. “This month, we removed a network of accounts and pages in Uganda that engaged in coordinated inauthentic behaviour to target public debate ahead of the election. “We found this network to be linked to the Government Citizens Interaction Centre at the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology in Uganda “People have used fake and duplicate accounts to manage pages, comment on other people’s content, impersonate users and re-share posts in groups to make them appear more popular than they were. “Given the impending election in Uganda, we moved quickly to investigate and take down this network,” Facebook said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Uganda’s long-time President Yoweri Museveni is seeking re-election in a charged political environment. He faces 10 challengers, including music star, Robert Kyagulanyi, best known by his stage name, Bobi Wine, seen as a real threat to him. Facebook’s action comes amid reports of violence and misinformation by political actors especially on social media in the run-up to the elections. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!