members of Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU) and the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), will begin a three-day protests from today, over the Federal Government failure to implement the agreements reached with the unions in a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed in October last year. The Joint Action Committees (JAC) of NASU and SSANU, have directed their branches in all university campuses and inter-university centres across the country to embark on a three-day protests, starting today. In a circular directed to all the branch chairmen, the JAC observed with disappointment that the Federal Government had completely failed to address any of the issues contained in the MoU. In view of this, JAC directed all the branches to hold a mandatory meeting on Monday (yesterday), to sensitize members on the issues as contained in the MoU, and that, “a three day protests should hold from Tuesday to Thursday at each branch from 8am to 4pm each day.” The circular, signed by the General Secretary of NASU, Comrade Peters Adeyemi and the SSANU President, Comrade Mohammed Ibrahim, also directed all branches to ensure that all members of the unions fully participate in the protests while all COVID-19 protocols are to be complied with. The circular stated that the protests marks the beginning of a series of industrial actions to be undertaken by JAC, adding, “you are to await further directives immediately after the three-day protests.” The issues in contention, according to the circular include: Inconsistencies in the IPPIS payment; non-payment of Earned Allowances (EA); non-payment of arrears of minimum wage; delay in renegotiation of FGN/NASU and SSANU 2009 Agreements; non-payment of retirement benefits of outgone members; teaching staff usurping headships of non-teaching units in clear violation of conditions of service and establishment procedures; neglect and poor funding of state universities; and non-constitution of visitation panels for universities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE