The chairman of the Edo State Universal Basic Education Board, SUBEB, Dr Joan Oviawe, in Thursday said that primary school teachers in the state remained the best treated in the country in terms of training and remuneration. Oviawe, who disclosed this in a virtual interaction with journalists in Benin, stressed that the teachers’ take-home package was far more than that of an average civil servant in the state, on the same grade level. Dr. Oviawe, who said that there was no basis for the planned strike by primary school teachers in the state, maintained that Governor Godwin Obaseki’s administration was the most teacher-friendly government in the country. “There is no basis for the strike, the governor has done‎ much for teachers. Edo State Government does not have any issue with anybody, the government has been very pro teachers”, she said. Out of the 18 Local Government Areas, LGAs, in the state, the SUBEB chairman, however, stated that only three of them were owing primary school teachers allowances. She disclosed‎ that the Board had trained 11,400 teachers in the last two years, stressing that Edo was the only state that had trained such high number of teachers in the country, even as she further disclosed that community-based teachers would be recruited and trained this year. She debunked the claim in the public that it costs the Board N1.5 million to train a teacher‎, pointing out that the cost of training a teacher was less than N5,000. Oviawe announced that phase two of Edo Basic Education Transformation Sector, EDOBEST, which would focus on quality of education and building a system that works, would be launched this year. Besides, she‎ said the Board would also launch five campaigns this year, stressing “skills acquisition is a strong part of our curriculum going forward”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy.  CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!