Police operatives from the Delta State Police Command are on the trail of killers of an 18-year-old lady found dead in a hotel room in Agbor, Ika North Local Government Area of the state. The lifeless body of the 18-year-old lady was, last Sunday, found in the hotel room by a hotel staff who had gone in to do some shores before alerting others. Reports say the 18-year-old victim had lodged in the popular hotel along Efeziomor road in Agbor with suspected internet fraudsters popularly called “yahoo boys”, but was later abandoned in the room lifeless. Sources said no sign of violence was found on the body of the deceased whose identity has remained unknown to the hotel staff. Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO), DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who confirmed the incident, expressed worries over several criminal activities ongoing in the area, adding that investigation were ongoing to apprehend the suspects. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided