Traditional rulers from the south-west part of Nigeria as well as prominent Yoruba political chieftains and opinion leaders are expected to be in attendance at a PAN Yoruba summit scheduled to hold in Ibadan, the Oyo State, Nigeria. According to a statement signed by the secretary of the planning committee, a copy of which was made available to the Nigerian Tribune on Sunday, the summit convened under the aegis of Yoruba Patriots Movement (YPM) with the theme: “Yoruba Nation: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow” is scheduled to hold at the International Conference Centre, University of Ibadan. The summit to be held in strict compliance with COVID-19 protocols will feature a virtual component to facilitate the participation of a wide spectrum of stakeholders in the affairs of the Yoruba nation. The event seeks to deliberate on prevailing and future socio-political challenges as well as prospects of Yoruba nation with emphasis on issues that bother on the welfare, security and mutual coexistence of Yoruba people within a peaceful, stable and united Nigeria. The summit to be co-chaired by General Alani Akinrinade, former Chief of Defence Staff and High Chief Rashidi Ladoja, former Governor of Oyo State will have in attendance present and former governors as well as notable past and present political office holders in the six southwest States of Lagos, Ekiti, Ogun, Ondo, Osun and Oyo. A communiqué on the way forward that approximates the concerns and expectations of the Yoruba nation in Nigeria would emanate from deliberations at the summit. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided