In another incident on Saturday, Commandant, Oyo State Security Network Agency (Amotekun corps), Colonel Olayanju Olayinka (rtd) disclosed the arrest of two persons for producing Amotekun uniforms without authorisation. Speaking with Nigerian Tribune, Olayanju said the agency acted on a tipoff to arrest a 66-year-old woman sewing the uniform who then led the corps to arrest another 60-year-old man who was doing the printing along the Challenge-Tollgate area of Ibadan. According to Olayanju, the printer said he was a vigilante and felt there was nothing wrong in producing the uniform for sale willing buyers. Olayanju said the two persons were arrested for fear that the Amotekun uniforms being produced illegally might get into the hands of persons who may perpetrate acts to blackmail the corps. He, however, said the agency had to take the arrested persons into its custody because men of the Yemetu police station raised the alarm that the suspects were too frail to be received into its own custody. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided