Members of the Edo Civil Society Organizations (EDOCSO) have instituted a suit challenging the Federal Government’s directive that all mobile phone subscribers should link their phone numbers to their National Identification Numbers (NIN). The suit, with number FHC/B/CS/13/2020, was filed by Dele Igbinedion, Esq, counsel to the plaintiffs at the Federal High Court, Benin Division. Joined as codefendants in the suit are the National Identity Management Commission, the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy; the Nigeria Communications Commission, NCC and the Attorney-General of the Federation as 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th defendants respectively. Others defendants include the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN as 5th defendant; the Federal Road Safety Commission, FRSC, as 6th defendant and the Nigeria Immigration Service, NIS, as the7th defendant. Igbinedion, on behalf of his clients (members of EDOCSO), sought whether the directive that all mobile phone subscribers should link their phone numbers to their NIN is not a breach of his clients’ rights to privacy as guaranteed by the 1999 Constitution (as amended). He urged the court to declare the directive as a breach of his clients’ rights to privacy and consequently set aside the said directive by the Federal Government. “A further declaration that the directive by the Defendants that all the plaintiffs should link phone numbers or SIMs to their National Identification Numbers is a breach of the plaintiffs’ right to privacy as guaranteed by Section 37 of the 1999 Constitution (as amended). “An order of this Honourable Court setting aside the directive by the defendants, for being utra vires their powers and therefore unconstitutional, illegal null and of no effect,” he sought. Igbinedion urged the court to further restraint the Federal Government and its agents from blocking the SIM cards of his clients on the grounds that they failed to link their SIM cards to their NIN. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!