A combined team of security operatives in Osun State has rescued one of the kidnap victims abducted on Sunday night by herdsmen along Imo-Eri-Ijesha in Oriade local government area of the state. Investigations revealed that the rescue operation was made possible through the help of the police, operatives of the Nigerian Air Force, Amotekun Corps officials, hunters and vigilante men who invaded the bush where the kidnappers took their victims to. The spokesperson of the Police in Osun, Yemisi Opalola who confirmed the incident said efforts are ongoing to rescue the remaining person from the kidnappers. According to her, “the State Commissioner for Police, Wale Olokode on Monday morning had a meeting with the men of the Nigerian Air Force and leaders of the Amotekun corps, hunters and vigilantes in the state to join the operation to rescue the abducted woman and to ensure an end to criminal activities in the state. “The CP has called the men of Nigerian Air Force and leaders of Amotekun, hunters and vigilante in working together to rescue the woman and to put a stop to the future kidnapping in the state. “The order is to rescue the person under the captive of the kidnappers and put a stop to the kidnapping exercise in the state.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided