Yet-to-be-identified gunmen, late Monday night, killed a 44-year-old immediate past chairman of Ugbori community in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State, Amb. Prince Godwin Metie. The incident, suspected to be executed by assassins, occurred at around 9:00 p.m at Merogun area, near popular Iyara community in Warri. Reports claim Itsekiri-born Metie was set to celebrate his 45th birthday on February 13 before he was assassinated by gunmen who wore masks. Meanwhile, suspected cultists were reported to have shot dead a mason simply identified as Uruese alias Iron Monkey in Orerokpe, headquarters of Okpe Local Government Area of the state. It was gathered that the incident happened Friday night along a street close to the council’s secretariat. Reports say the assailants did not bother to break into the home of the deceased but tore the window net of his bedroom and shot him dead while he was asleep with his wife. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, confirmed Friday’s killing, but couldn’t immediately speak on the death of the former Ugbori community chairman’s death. She added that investigations were ongoing to apprehend the assailants. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!