President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with leadership and members of the Catholic Church, and entire Christian community, over the passing of retired ArchBishop Peter Yariyok Jatau. A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Wednesday informed that before retirement, Jatau served as coadjutor ArchBishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kaduna State. As the remains of the revered priest go home for final rest, the President commiserated with family members, friends and colleagues of the effective leader, who lived an exemplary life of decency, integrity and always modelled the living words of the Bible on love for God and humanity. The statement said President Buhari believes that the legacies of Archbishop Jatau will continue to resonate while joining government and people of Kaduna State to mourn the loss. “We will always remember Archbishop Jatau for his moderation and accommodation of the followers of other religions. He worked very hard to alleviate human suffering and further compassion. He will greatly be missed by the nation,” Buhari said. The President prayed for the repose of his soul. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Buhari mourns Jatau  Buhari mourns Jatau 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Buhari mourns Jatau  Buhari mourns Jatau NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided