THE Nigerian poultry industry is said to be on the verge of collapse if poultry farmers are not given the necessary support by the government of the day. Recall that farmers in the country have been battling with the high cost of feeds due to scarcity of maize. A major stakeholder in the Nigerian poultry industry and Chairman, Folhope Nigerian Limited, Chief Emmanuel  Folorunsho Ogunnaike (MFR), while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune, in his office, stated that:” Honestly speaking,  since the history of Nigeria, we have never had it this bad. In 1983, we came across so many crises and it was not as bad as this. Personally speaking, I have never experienced this kind of problem in my life. “I think the causes are many;  harsh weather is an integral part. But the major problem militating against success in farming is the militant’s problem. Just like the 43 farmers killed while orking on their rice farm in Maiduguri in November 2020. “The nation is facing the danger of famine, hunger, and insecurity. We can say we should pray, but God cannot be mocked. Prayers are hardly answered where the blood of innocent people is being shed. “What we are having in this country to the best of my knowledge show that we are the enemies of ourselves because I believe that those killing innocent farmers are not foreigners. If we have part of them as  foreigners, the locals among them are aiding them.” While speaking on the possible way out of the challenges, Ogunnaike noted that:” The solution is not in sight soon. Let us say government want to import maize, at what price considering the exchange rate? will this be except they can give  poultry farmers special grant that is foreign exchange, at a reduced price to import maize and soya, probably the solution can be found?” He further stated:” Many people took a loan to go into poultry production, with the situation of things now, how they are going to pay back the loan obtained from the bank I do not know. “If the problem persists, I foresee poultry farmers losing down between now and March, the leftover would be so meagre. It is a very hopeless situation but may God see  us through.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on people-oriented programmes to save his government from going… As The Clock Of 2021 Begins To Tick… Politicians That May Change The Face Of Nigerian Politics Year 2020 was dominated by existential threat to human survival occasioned by a global pandemic, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The nation lost some of its best and brightest in politics and the corporate world. The anxiety thrown up  by the virus could, however, not deter men of power from plying their vocations… Letter To Bishop Kukah Dear Bishop, WHEN I met you in Calabar three years ago at Southern Senators Retreat, you were still as fresh as the very Father Kukah I met in Lagos in the dangerous days of Sani Abacha when fear reigned over the land. Those were the years the Catholic church whose secretariat you headed led us to pray for Nigeria in distress… Let’s Talk About S3x, The Kaduna S3x When audacity of immorality is at issue, the celebrated case of Smith v Hughes is always referenced. It is also used to explain the mischief rule in law. By the 19th century, the English society had become so notorious for the infiltration and embarrassment caused it by commercial s3x workers on the streets of London. Prostitution… [ICYMI] After 20 Years, Alaafin Visits Soun, Duo Sues For Peace The duo of Alaafin of Oyo and Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III and Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III  have called on Nigerians to embrace peace and harmony in a bid to move the country forward. The visit of the Alaafin to the Soun of Ogbomoso came 20 years after the Alaafin visited the Soun’s palace… Covid-19 And PTF’s Mandate Extension The world is faced with a second and potentially more malicious wave of the coronavirus pandemic and countries are frenetic in their efforts to curtail the spread. Added to the new wave is a new strain of the virus that has been reported to have the propensity to spread faster than the original one. While it may not… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!