The Oyo State judiciary has taken delivery of some seats donated for the use of the courts by the Forum of Oyo State Indigenes of The Nigerian Law School, 2020/2021 session. The donation according to the forum was in appreciation of the kind gesture of the Oyo State Government for the approval and disbursement of bursary to indigent students of the law school. According to the students, “while the donation is relatively small, it is hoped that it will make a difference in the legal profession when it is allocated to various courts in the state where they are needed.” The donation was received on behalf of the Chief Judge, Justice Munta Abimbola by Mrs S.A Oyediran, the Deputy Chief Registrar for Administration and General Matters and Mrs A.O Adetojoye, Deputy Chief Registrar, Litigation, Baillifs and Judgment Enforcement in the company of Mrs C.O Udoh the Information Officer and Mr Adekojo, the Protocol Officer. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!