Gunmen suspected to be armed bandits have killed six persons and abducted five persons in yet another attack in 12 villages in Paikoro Local Government Area of Niger State. About 20 other persons were said to have sustained varying degrees of injury during the attack. Nigerian Tribune investigation gathered that the bandits carried out the attacks on the villages in the early hours of Saturday and sustained their operations till Sunday afternoon. A resident of one of the villages attacked, Abubakar Azaido said in a telephone interview with the Nigerian Tribune that over 20 injured persons have been taken for medical treatment at the General Hospital in Kaffin Koro, adding that no fewer than 3,000 villagers have also been displaced. He said: “The bandits were in large numbers, they were over 200 and they invaded the villages in their operational motorcycles. They carted away all the spare parts in the shop of a motorcycle spare parts dealer in Amale village.” The source stated further that while four persons were killed in Gwajau village, two others were hacked to death in Amale village, stressing that “four persons have been kidnapped in Dakolo and one Pastor in Nani villages.” He enumerated the communities attacked by the fleeing bandits to include Amale, Beni, Barakwai, Kakuri, Gudani, Abolo, Nani, Gwajau, Kubi, Zakolo, Kado and Dakolo respectively. He said: “The attack began Saturday night and as at yesterday (Sunday afternoon) our people have deserted the villages for fear of being attacked. And on the estimate, over 3,000 people have been displaced. There has been panic as people are shouting for help. When they were coming, you see them running in all directions. As I speak to you now I am in the General Hospital in Kaffin Koro where we have rushed over 20 persons who were injured for medical attention at the intensive care unit of the hospital.” Our reporter further gathered that over 200 cows have been rustled by the bandits heading towards the border villages of Niger and Kaduna States. Meanwhile, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Niger State Police Command, ASP Abiodun Wasiu could not be reached for comments as of the time of filing this report on Sunday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided