Two traders were on Saturday evening shot by gunmen in Warri, Delta State. The victims were shot by the robbers while returning from Igbudu market in Warri South Local Government Area. They are said to be receiving medical attention at undisclosed hospitals. One of the victims was reportedly shot for attempting to escape from the robbers. Spokesperson of the Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who confirmed the incident stated that the victims were returning from the market when they were shot. “The shooting at Bazunu happened yesterday. Yes, two people were shot. They are responding to treatment. “They are traders returning from the market. The car was seen stained with blood,” Onovwakpoyeya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DPO) said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… delta robbers | delta robbers | delta robbers SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided