Zamfara State government has debunked an online story that it had donated millions of naira and 15 Hilux vans to repentant bandits who are now are using the booty to torment communities in the state. A statement issued by the Special Adviser on Public Enlightenment, Media and Communication, Zailani Bappa on Tuesday noted that the said reports was just a figment of the writer’s imagination. He said: “Either due to carelessness, quackery or sheer mischief, the medium went ahead to publish this story, obviously sourced from the enemies of peace in the state without balancing from the side of the government.” The statement said for the avoidance of doubt, the state government had expanded over N200m to purchase Hilux vans. “These vehicles were duly distributed to all security agencies in the state under the supervision of the Inspector-General of the Nigeria Police. “The beneficiaries included the military, the police, the customs and excise, the immigration services, the NDLEA, the NSCDC, the FRSC, among others.” The statement disclosed further, that as part of the government initiative for peace and ensure that repentant bandits settle down, the state government is currently building a modern Rugga for them at Maradun with two more coming up in the near future. “In fact, the state government is grateful to these so-called repentant bandits who are daily assisting the government in negotiating with those who refuse to surrender and in apprehending those who refuse to surrender. “With all the programmes of the government towards peace in the state, at no time did the state gave vehicles or money to the so-called repentant bandits because there was no agreement to such. “This is thus, a wicked allegation and simply a figment of the writer’s imagination or an intended machination to discredit the administration of His Excellency Governor Bello Muhammad and undermine the peace effort in the state.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided