Founder and Shepherd-in-charge, The Word Sanctuary of God Ministry, Apostle David Oladugbagbe, has explained that his decision to reach out to the underprivileged in the society at the peak of the COVID-19-induced lockdown, last year, was informed by the need to fulfill one of the cardinal injunctions of the Christian faith. Speaking to Tribune Church News, in Lagos, Oladugbagbe said that besides being a ‘natural calling’, giving and philanthropic gestures also serve as ways to induce divine blessings. He added that as a disciple of Christ, it had become imperative for him to follow His injunctions and examples since Jesus Christ was always reaching out, and helping the needy to solve their problems while he was still on earth. “Giving or charity has been my natural calling right from my childhood. Even when I was ‘in the world’, I used to help people a lot with my resources. I believe that when you give to help the needy, God in return will bless you than your expectations and you will not have cause to lack any good thing. “Secondly, Christianity is all about charity. Our Lord Jesus Christ was charitable; He was always helping people out. So Jesus laid the example for us in the Bible and commanded us, His followers, to do the same. He said when I was hungry, you gave me food. When I was naked, you gave me clothed me. When I was thirsty, you gave me water. And His disciples asked Him when did we do these? And Jesus told them that, once you do these to your neighbours and the needy among you, it is Him they are doing it for. “So giving palliative to the people during Covid-19 lockdown was done in total obedience to God’s instruction,” he stated. The Ondo State-born prophet cum entrepreneur added that since the government could not take care of the needy, in the society, alone, it had become imperative for public-spirited individuals, churches, and corporate organisations, to come to its aid efforts at bringing succor to the people. According to him, though not without its cost implications, the ministry was able to distribute two and a half trailers of rice, and other relief materials to individuals in dire need during the lockdown. The prophet, who eventually went into full ministry in 2018, after resisting the divine call for years, added that the greatest threat to Christianity today remains  ‘envious’ men of God, who, instead of propagating the ideals of Christ, have continued to play the envy the game against other men of God, with seemingly more thriving ministries. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE South-West Speakers Rally Support For Tinubu’s Rumoured Presidential Ambition The rumoured ambition of former Lagos State governor, Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to run for the office of the President in 2023 is gradually becoming a reality as current and former speakers of houses of assembly in the South-West have thrown their weight behind the… No Harm Must Befall Bishop Kukah, CAN Warns The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has cautioned those threatening the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto, Dr Matthew Hassan Kukah, to stop their unlawful actions and also asks the security agencies to ensure the safety and security of the… Kukah: Nigerians Have Right To Live Freely In Any Part Of Nigeria, Ortom Replies Muslim Group Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on Nigerians, irrespective of religious and political affiliations to uphold unity, peace and dialogue as the panacea for the myriad of problems confronting the country. The governor’s advice is coming on the heels of the statement credited to a group known as Muslim… Your Govt Brought Reversal Of Fortune To Nigerians, PDP Tells Buhari Against the backdrop of President Muhammadu Buhari call for critics to consider what he inherited, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has berated administration for allegedly reversing the country’s fortune in the five years it has been in office… Consider What We Met When Criticizing Us, Buhari Tells Nigerian Elite President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday told the Nigerian elite that when they criticize his administration, they should take into consideration the state of the country before he assumed power. Speaking at the presidential villa, Abuja when he received in audience Reverend Yakubu Pam, the Executive… Covid-19 Vaccines: Kano Gets Highest Allocation As Cross River Gets 1023 Doses For Its 3.8 Million Population Cross River State with a population of 3.8 million will take home 1,023 doses of COVID-9 vaccines according to the data for the distribution of the vaccines released by the Federal Government of Nigeria in Abuja. In the data released by the Executive Director of the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency (NPHCDA), Faisal Shuaib, the 36 states and FCT would, in the interim share 100,000 doses, while awaiting… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided