The Nigerian Army has deployed 300 female soldiers to tackle the insecurity along Kaduna-Abuja highway. The General Officer Commanding (GOC), 1 Division, Kaduna, Major-General Usman Mohammed, on Wednesday said 300 female soldiers from the Nigeria Army Women Corps had been redeployed to provide the security on the highway. However, he said that the first batch of 100 female soldiers are on the ground and would start work before the arrival of the other female soldiers. According to him, the female soldiers were trained in combat and fully armed to man the highway which had become a nightmare to motorists plying the road. General Mohammed added that the Kaduna-Abuja highway is now safer from what it used to be as the level of kidnapping and banditry have reduced to the barest level. He thanked the state government for the accommodation provided to the female corps saying, since the commencement of military operations on the highway, the state had been supportive. Speaking on the occasion, Governor Nasir el-Rufai expressed hope that with the deployment of the female soldiers, the insecurity along the highway will soon be a thing of the past. He expressed gratitude to the military for deploying the troops and assured them of the continued support of the Kaduna State government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded More COVID-19 Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Again, Nigeria new weekly COVID-19 infections have witnessed yet another significant increase, Tribune Online analysis shows. The second wave of the pandemic was officially announced after the infections began to rise in the first week of December… Army deploys 300 female combat soldiers to man Abuja-Kaduna highway ICYMI: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… Army deploys 300 female combat soldiers to man Abuja-Kaduna highway SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!