THE President and Chairman of Council of the  National Institute of Marketing Nigeria (NIMN), Mr. Tony Agenmonmen,  has urged marketing professionals in the country to look up to 2021 with confidence and courage. Agenmonmen, in a new year statement made available to Brands & Marketing,  admitted that  though the second wave of the COVID 19 pandemic would, without doubt, throw up its own challenges in 2021, such challenges, he argued, were, however, not insurmountable. According to him, the pandemic had negatively impacted lives and livelihood all over the globe and redefined the way businesses were conducted. “We therefore have every reason to be grateful to God for surviving the crisis in 2020 and leading us to a New Year 2021,” he stated. The NIMN boss described the new year as significant for the marketing institute; since it would be having a transition election, expected to produce a new president that would continue with the task of repositioning the institute. He however  charged members on the need to be active in the institute’s activities and also ensure they meet all the requirements that will enable them participate in the elections. Agenmonmen added that despite the challenges thrown up by the COVID 19 pandemic, last year, the institute was able to conduct almost all its programmes virtually with good results, including its Council elections held in the year. “In the outgone year, we were also able to enact and publish the Code of Professional Marketing Practice that guides the ethical and professional conduct of marketing professionals in Nigeria,” the NIMN boss stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded More Infections, Deaths, Recoveries Last Week Last week, the country’s COVID-19 infections witnessed yet another significant increase. Nigeria recorded 5,571 fresh COVID-19 infections which is now the highest weekly cases the country has ever recorded, Tribune Online analysis shows… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… Bandits Moved Abducted 333 School Boys On Bikes —DHQ THE Nigerian Army, on Monday, gave more insight into the abduction of school children in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided