To disabuse the minds of Nigerians that the federal government is not serving the narrow interest of a certain ethnic group in the country, the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) must push for the implementation of its true federalism report. Director-General of the forum of governors on the platform of the APC, Salihu Lukman, made the recommendation on Monday in a press statement he released in Abuja. Nigerian Tribune checks revealed that the leadership of the party under its former national chairman, Odigie Oyegun set up a true federalism committee led by Kaduna State governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai. The committee which had Senator Olubunmi Adetumbi as secretary later submitted its report which recommended state police, increase in revenue allocation to states and derivation principle amongst others. The DG of the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) asked the leadership of the ruling party under Yobe State governor, Mallam Mai Buni to open discussion with the presidency, and push for implementation of its recommendations. “Certainly, if the party was able to move recommendations contained in the report of Mallam Nasir El-Rufai Committee to the level of implementation, the current levels of misplaced anger against the APC and the Federal Government in the country would have been moderated. “Maybe the challenge we have today presents a golden opportunity for APC to be able to initiate processes of implementing the recommendations contained in the report of the APC Committee on True Federalism. What may be required in the circumstances is for the APC Caretaker Committee led by His Excellency Mai Mala Buni to initiate internal processes of consultations both within the party and across the executive and legislative arms of government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!