9mobile has reassured its enterprise customers of improved Quality of Service (QoS) on its network in 2021. It said this during 9mobile’s Enterprise Customer forum 2020 in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, recently, where the telecommunications firm appreciated customers for their loyalty while receiving feedback for better service response. Mr Stjepan Udovicic, Chief Commercial Officer of 9mobile, assured customers that there are robust plans to offer more quality products and services. “We are committed to taking our network engineering and product capabilities to greater levels in 2021 and beyond so that we are able to support you more effectively. Your feedback is very crucial to us in order to serve you better in the incoming year,” he stated. Udovicic maintained that 9mobile’s projection is to have better collaboration with enterprise customers. “We will prioritise the Internet of Things (IoT), machine learning, artificial intelligence and new technologies around 5G exploration in different parts of the country,” he added. Mr Olalekan Fatusa, Head of Enterprise Sales, assured that all feedback will be prioritised while responding to the issues highlighted. Martins Ojugbeli, Regional Head, South-South, expressed confidence in the outlook of the company on the basis of responses received.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!