Pan- Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, has felicitated with the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III, the Iku Baba Yeye as he clocks 50 years on the throne, saying the group proudly celebrated the monarch who is described as a great pride to Yoruba at home and abroad, having brought peculiar gravitas and character to the throne. Oba Adeyemi was coronated on 14th January 1971 at the age of 31 succeeding the late Alaafin Ladigbolu. Afenifere stated this on Wednesday in a congratulatory message issued by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yinka Odumakin, praying God to keep him for many more years in dedicated service that Afenifere is proud of always. “The Pan-Yoruba Socio-political group, Afenifere is delighted to congratulate the Iku Baba Yeye, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi as he hits 50 years on the throne as the Alaafin of Oyo. Oba Adeyemi was coronated on 14th January 1971 at the age of 31 succeeding the late Alaafin Ladigbolu. “All celebrations of the event have been postponed due to the ravaging COVID 19. “The Alaafin in 50 years has brought peculiar gravitas and character to the throne and he is a great pride to Yoruba at home and abroad. We proudly celebrate his golden years and pray that God will keep him for many more years in dedicated service that we are proud of always. The pan- Yoruba group, while also praying long reign for the Alaafin in “full health and his coast enlarged,” said it could not but mention in particular the peculiar leadership the monarch provided for the Yoruba in the dark days of a former military dictator, the late General Sani Abacha when evil walked over the country unhinged. Afenifere, however, expressed hope that God that saw the country through that evil period would always do same and navigate the nation and the citizens “through dangerous moments and our land will never be destroyed,” adding: “We shall always give thanks to God like we had to do when Abacha evil expired.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…We proudly celebrate Alaafin  We proudly celebrate Alaafin 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..We proudly celebrate Alaafin  We proudly celebrate Alaafin NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!