Elections for the two Senate seats in the US state of Georgia are too close to call, with 98 per cent of votes counted. The outcome will determine control of the US Senate and with it President-elect Joe Biden’s chances of getting his legislative agenda passed. Republicans currently control the Senate. The Democrats would need to win both seats to take the majority. The election is being rerun because none of the candidates achieved the 50% needed under state rules in November. Republicans Kelly Loeffler and David Perdue are neck and neck with Democrats Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff. Early on Wednesday, Mr Warnock claimed victory against Ms Loeffler, although some votes remain to be counted. Although Mr Biden’s Democrats would need to take both seats to gain full control of Congress, the Republican party of outgoing President Donald Trump needs only to win one in order to retain the Senate. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided