By Seyi Sokoya  The president of the Way of Reconciliation Evangelistic Ministries (TWOREM) International, Ibadan, Oyo State, Prophet Oladipupo Funmilade-Joel, has urged Nigerians not to abandon God as He would not either, especially during this time of the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. The cleric also charged Nigerian leaders to declare a national day of fasting and prayer to seek the face of God for forgiveness and mercy against the ravaging deadly disease. “According to the scriptures, God would not intervene in the affairs of men, except somebody stands as an intercessor for the people or nation. So, I want to urge Nigerian leader to take the responsibility to lead Nigerians to the place of prayer to seek the face of God,” he said. Baba Sekunderin as he is fondly called stressed that the need for the people to be submissive in all ways before God can save Nigeria from captivity. “Our prayers give God the legal mandate to get involved in our case. God needs an intercessor, somebody to stand in between the people and Him,” he added. He also advised all religious leaders in the country not to relent in their prayers for mercy and divine intervention because it is only God that can put an end to the deadly virus. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided