Consumption of fishes and other aquatic organisms from Abereke River in Ilaje, Ondo State in the Niger Delta region may be unsafe because the river is polluted with heavy metals and some other contaminants. This revelation is part of the outcome of a research work led by Oluwatosin Arojojoye, an Associate Professor and Head of Department of Biochemistry, Lead City University in conjunction with Gbemisola Ogundeyi and Esther Akinola evaluated the pollution status of Abereke River, a major River in Ilaje community; an oil producing area in Ondo State, Nigeria. The pollution of the river and the aquatic life in it has been attributed to petroleum exploration in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria which has compromised the aquatic environment with grave consequences on the entire ecosystem. In the study, “levels of heavy metals (lead, cadmium, copper, arsenite, nickel) and some markers of oxidative stress (malondialdehyde, reduced glutathione, Glutathione-S-transferase, superoxide dismutase, catalase) were determined in the liver and muscle of Clariasgariepinus from Abereke River and also in Clariasgariepinus from a clean fish farm (Ilesanmi Fishery) which served as the control. “Water samples from both Rivers were also analysed for some physicochemical parameters, heavy metals and bacterial contamination. “From the results, there was significant increase in the levels of heavy metals (lead, cadmium, copper, arsenite, nickel) in water sample as well as in the liver and muscle of Clariasgariepinus from Abereke River when compared with control samples. “A significant increase in malondialdehyde (an index of lipid peroxidation) level and alterations in antioxidant status were also observed in the liver and muscle of fish samples from Abereke River compared with control. Furthermore, total suspended solids (TSS), total dissolved solids (TDS) and total hardness of water sample from Abereke River were significantly higher than that of the control. Coliforms and salmonella were also visible in Abereke water sample but were not found in the control water sample. “The results of this study show that fish samples from Abereke River were under oxidative stress due to exposure to heavy metals and other pollutants in the River as a result of oil spill related pollution in the Niger Delta region where the river is located.” This raises health concerns as people in Ilaje community consume fishes and other aquatic organisms from the river and also use water from the river for domestic purposes. It is clear that the community which depends on this river for water supply and nutrition are at risk, and the relevant state and federal authorities must take action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!