The Lagos State commissioner of police, Hakeem Odumosu, has commended youths in Igboelerin community for daring dare-devil armed robbers who invaded the community. A gang of armed robbers had on Sunday night invaded the community with the intention of robbing the community when youths in the area mobilized and confronted them. The youth succeeded in dislodging the armed robbers of their one operational motorcycles and a locally-made gun. The image-maker in-charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, confirmed the incident to the Nigerian Tribune. Adejobi said: “17th January 2021 at about 11.30 pm, the youth of Igboelerin community in Lagos State resisted a robbery attack on the community when they dislodged some suspected armed robbers that wanted to rob the community. “The suspected armed robbers came on two unregistered bikes with the intention of attacking their targets before they were repelled by the youth who have been involved in the community policing strategies of the command.” Adejobi also said that: “One unregistered operational bike and one locally made pistol with a live cartridge were recovered from them.” The Commissioner of Police Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu, while commending the youth of the area ordered for the manhunt and arrest of the fleeing armed robbers. He encouraged Lagosians to embrace the idea of community-based policing which has paid off in many areas of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided