Members of the family of the kidnapped Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the Edo State Command of the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS), Mrs Bridget Esene, have expressed grave worry over the silence of her abductors more than 24 hours after she was kidnapped. Esene, it would be recalled, was kidnapped on Sunday morning on her way to church at Agbor Road axis of Benin City by some gunmen who have since remained incommunicado. Esene’s family’s worry arose from the unusual silence from the kidnappers’ end as no contact has been established with her family over 24 hours after the incident. A family source, who pleaded anonymity, stated that the refusal of the gunmen to call the family had become a big source of concern for the family members who have expected her to be back home. “The refusal by the kidnappers to call the family members for talks calls for concern. We are getting apprehensive but hope she will be released soon,” the family source stated. Esene’s kidnap has thrown the NIS and her family into panic. When contacted, Edo State Police Public Relations Officer, Chidi Nwabuzor, confirmed that the police have received the report of the kidnap and called for calm. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!