President Muhammadu Buhari felicitated with Chief Bisi Akande, the pioneer Chairman of the governing All Progressives Congress, (APC), as he marks his 82nd birthday, describing him as “one of the biggest and strongest pillars of democracy in the country.” A statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in Abuja on Saturday said in a message to Akande, the President sent “best wishes” to the former Governor of Osun State, remarking that Chief Akande “is committed to service of the country and welfare of all citizens.” According to President Buhari, “The party he helped to form and lead as the pioneer chairman has benefited tremendously, and continues to benefit from his astute leadership, wisdom and strong democratic convictions.” President Buhari prayed for Chief Akande’s good health and longer life so that the elder statesman will continue to be useful to his fatherland and humanity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided