To fund the 2021 budget, the Lagos State Government has said that out of the N193 billion debt it intends to raise, N100 billion will be sourced from the domestic capital market. Also, N52 billion will be sourced externally while N41 billion will come from internal sources. Speaking in Lagos on Thursday at a Fact Behind the Figure of the state’s 2021 budget, the Commissioner for Finance, Mr Rabiu Olowo, said the N100 billion would be raised from the sale of bonds to investors at the nation’s capital market and would be used solely for the financing of critical infrastructure and development projects in the metropolis. Dr Olowo said the Lagos State debt charge was N31bn, while debt repayment was N158bn. Giving an overview of the 2020 budget, Mr. Sam Egube, Commissioner of Economic Planning and Budget, said the state achieved a performance of 86 per cent and achieved revenue generation of 93 per cent. Providing insight into the 2021 budget highlights, he said the total estimate was N1.164 trillion and would be funded from a total revenue estimate of N971.02 billion, of which Internally Generated Revenue covers N723.81 billion, Capital Receipts, N71.81 billion and Federal Transfer accounts for N175.4 billion According to the budget breakdown, N702.93bn will be allocated to capital expenditure and N460.58bn will be deployed for recurrent expenditure. This means the ratio for the 2021 budget is 60 per cent capital and 40 per cent recurrent. Thus indicating that Lagos is maintaining focus on developing its infrastructure and invest in human capital development, to drive a 21st-century economy. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided