President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with the government and people of Abia State, as well as the Royal Family on the passing of Eze Bernard Enweremadu, Eze Ukwu of Ngwa Ukwu, the traditional head of Ngwa land. According to a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), in Abuja on Sunday, the president recognised and paid tribute to the immense contributions of the revered royal father to the development of his community during his reign of 44 years. The statement said that as a leader who cared so much for his people, the unity and prosperity of his country, President Buhari averred that Eze Enweremadu will be remembered for his vibrant leadership, wisdom and courage. It said that in this time of grief, the President’s prayers and thoughts are with the Eze Ukwu Royal family and the people of Ngwa land, praying that the soul of the royal father rests in peace. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 70 COVID-19 Deaths Last Week – Highest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 70 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in six months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 78 deaths reported in the 30th week of the pandemic (July 19 – July 25)… BREAKING: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… Buhari mourns Eze Enweremadu COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Buhari mourns Eze Enweremadu SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided