UNKNOWN gunmen have killed a Saudi Arabia-based oil expert, Ogacheko Atanu, in his Idah residence of Kogi State. It was gathered that the incident happened on Saturday night at about 11pm when the deceased was about retiring to his bed. It was also gathered that when the assassins stormed the compound of late Ogacheko Atanu, he was asked to say his last prayers before he was shot repeatedly. His elder border, Mr Ukubile Atanu, who is a lecturer at the Kogi State Polytechnic Lokoja, Art and Design Department confirmed the incident during a telephone interview with our correspondent on Sunday. Mr Ukubile Atanu, who could not hold his tears while speaking to our correspondence over the death of his younger brother, charged security agencies to bring his brother killers to book. According to him, “when they (gunmen) entered his compound at about 11 pm on Saturday, they told his brother (late Ogacheko) to say his last prayers before they kill him. He told them that he will give them money so that they can spare his life, but they refused. That was how he was shot repeatedly. They didn’t touch the gateman. “After he was killed, his gateman went straight to police station to report the incident. I must tell you, this is another black day in our family. Those behind this evil act must be brought to book,” the source said. It was further learnt that the deceased who is survived by four children, including an eighty-year-old mother was billed to travel out of Idah on Sunday to Abuja where he is expected to pick a flight to Saudi Arabia. Meanwhile, the Kogi State Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO), DSP William Avye Aya who confirmed the incident on to our correspondent said the command received a report about the assassination of the deceased at about 05:00 hours of Sunday. “The security man of the deceased reported the incident to Idah Police division today at 05:00hours. Unknown masked men numbering about four entered the compound of the deceased through the fence. “They told the security man to open the gate while the deceased was relaxing with his friend inside the compound. The gunmen told all of them to lie down. They later told the owner of the house to stand up and shot him. His body had been moved to the mortuary for autopsy and effort is being intensified to get the perpetrators of this evil act,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided