Staff of the National Identity Management Communication (NIMC) have embarked on an indefinite strike over poor allowance and working condition under COVID-19. Leading the protest in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, Mr Paul Soroh, said that while they work under pressure to enable Nigerians to get their national identification numbers (NIN) for onward connection to their SIM cards, the Federal Government has failed to provide necessary tools for them to function effectively. He further explained that the protest that is ongoing nationwide is also as a result of the fact that they have also not been given personal protection equipment, even though they were listed as essential workers during the COVID-19 lockdown. He said “As you know workers on level 12 downwards are not supposed to be at work, but we came out to do this work voluntarily but because of the attitude of government. We are withdrawing our voluntary services until something is done about it.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Beware Of People’s Anger •Ayodele, Mbaka Warn Buhari In 2021 Predictions Controversial Catholic priest and Founder of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria (AMEN), Reverend Father Ejike  Mbaka, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari about likely uprising against his government, urging him to embark on… Demolition: How I Lost One-Month Pregnancy, Owner Of Sex Party Building Narrates The owner of the building billed to host the proposed Kaduna sex party, Aisha Mercy Yakubu, has said that as a result of the demolition of the building, she had lost a one-month pregnancy. COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided