FOLLOWING Friday’s visit of Sunday Igboho and his team to Igangan in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, a delegation of the state government and the police will be conducting an on-the-spot assessment of Igangan today. A highly-placed source close to the state government told Sunday Tribune that the new Commissioner of Police in the state, Mrs Ngozi Onadeko, would be leading the police delegation to be joined by officers and men of the police tactical team already deployed from Abuja. The team is expected to meet stakeholders and traditional rulers and assess the extent of the damage if any. Youths in the community would also be engaged and frayed nerves are anticipated to be calmed. It is, however, not clear as of the time of filing this report who will lead the government team, but the source hinted that the state governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, has constituted a high-powered delegation among senior officials for the trip. Sunday Tribune also gathered that a full report of the Ibarapa situation will be made public by the government and the police after the assessment tour. The source further informed that the team on the government side has been mandated to dissuade stakeholders from unduly politicising the situation at hand or fuelling ethnic tension. Meanwhile, the Senior Special Assistant to President on Media, Garba Shehu has said Sunday Adeyemi, also known as Sunday Igboho, will be arrested and arraigned before a competent court. Speaking to BBC Hausa Service, the presidential media aide remarked that the Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, has directed that he should be arrested. He said once he is arrested, he would be charged to court, adding that the civil rights groups’ interference in governance is putting a clog in government’s efforts to deal with secessionists and regional threat  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided