The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, has approved the development and release of an improved National Identity Number (NIN) slip and a Mobile App. A statement by the Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to the Minister, Dr Femi Adeluyi said this is part of the Federal Government’s Policy to improve the process of obtaining NIN and linking it to SIM, which was sent to the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) and the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) for implementation. “The N20 and N40 fees for NIN verification by individuals and Mobile Network Operators, respectively, were also waived.  These efforts are aimed at supporting the policy to link subscribers’ NIN to their SIM, which was approved by the Federal Government earlier in the year and communicated to the NCC on the 4th of February, 2020”, the statement noted. ALSO READ: Tambuwal dissolves caretaker committee in all Sokoto LGAs The further noted that the highly anticipated Web Service (MWS) Application, called the NIMC Mobile App, and the improved National Identification Number (NIN) slip are now available for public use. “The app provides a secure channel for all Nigerians and legal residents to easily verify and authenticate their identities on-the-go using smartphones. It also enables them to link the NIN to their phone numbers. The development of the app and other tools to support the National Identity Number (NIN) process align with the National Digital Economy Policy for a digital Nigeria. “The app offers a built-in harmonization process that allows for its use across other government services including the NCC, Federal Inland Revenue Service, Federal Road Safety Commission and National Health Insurance Scheme, to mention a few. “On the other hand, the new improved NIN slip is a pocket friendly and an easy to verify version of the NIN. It can be accessed via a self-service Portal, where people who already have been issued the NIN, can log in, download a PDF of the document in colour (if preferred), print and laminate as desired. The current NIN Slip will remain valid and will be gradually phased-out. “The App is available on the Google Play store for Android users and App Store for IOS users. Details on how to download and install the App and download the improved NIN slip are available on the websites and social media platforms of the Ministry and NIMC.  Users can also download the improved NIN Slip at https://dashboard.nimc.gov.ng. “The Honourable Minister has directed NIMC to respond to enquiries and also provide multimedia guides to make it easy for users to obtain their improved NIN slips and install the App. The Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy remains committed to creating an enabling environment for all Nigerians and legal residents to obtain their Digital Identity Number,” the statement added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided