The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has sponsored five startups from Nigeria to participate at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2021, a US-based technology event that provides ground for breakthrough technologies and global innovators. The event which holds annually every January in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, features world biggest technology brands, and sharpest innovators hit the stage, however, due to the current COVID19 pandemic ravaging the world, the 2021 edition of the CES is holding virtually starting from January 11th – 14. There are a total of six start-ups from Africa of which 5 are from Nigeria and one from South Africa. This will be the first time Nigerian Startups will be exhibiting at CES and will showcase to the world what Nigeria has achieved in the technology sector and also have the opportunity to woo potential investors and attract Foreign Direct Investments. While featuring live on Business – a Deutsche Welle’s TV Programme, the Director-General of NITDA, Mallam Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi, said Nigeria is participating at CES 2021 to showcase some of its innovative startups to the world, though, this is not the first time the country has showcased innovation and groundbreaking initiatives, adding that Nigeria has been sponsoring startups to different fora around the world. “Everything has a beginning, and this is the first time Nigeria is showcasing its talents at the CES, though it is not the first the country sponsored startups that featured in technology event and displayed their innovations and groundbreaking initiatives.” “We have taken our startups to different fora around the globe, we have taken them to Silicon Valley Roadshow, we have been participating at Gulf Information Technology Exhibition (GITEX) and our Startups have been doing fantastically during competition at different IT events,” he said. ALSO READ: Earned Allowance: FUNAAB SSANU embarks on three-day protest Abdullahi added that with the current condition of COVID-19 pandemic that is accelerating digitisation, Nigeria sees it as an opportunity to expose its Startups to the world so that they can start thinking global. Speaking on the CES happening virtual, Abdullahi opined that with the current trends accelerating Fourth Industrial Revolution, having a virtual event is not a hindrance, according to him, it is an opportunity to look at what are the silver lines and how people can benefit from it. “Virtual events have eased so many activities, you can conveniently and easily join a programme wherever you are in the world. It cuts travelling cost and other things,” he added. Abdullahi further stated that Nigeria is looking at one of its flagship programmes to make it a hybrid that will give people who are connecting remotely a chance to have a look-and-field of in-person. He, therefore, calls for the organisers of CES to expand the programme and give room for more participants from different parts of the world. The sponsored startups are Vinsighte, VNTS, Traceroot, LexChain, and Powerstove. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     NITDA features five startups at digital CES 2021 in United States Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE