A former presidential candidate in the 2019 Presidential Election and Sahara Reporters publisher, Omoyele Sowore, and four other activists have been remanded in prison after being arraigned by the Federal Government, on Monday. Tribune Online reports that the Federal Government, earlier in the day arraigned Sowore and four others before a Chief Magistrate Court sitting in Wuse Zone 2, Abuja. Sowore was arrested by operatives of the Nigeria police for allegedly leading a protest against the government on December 31, 2020 in Abuja, the nation’s capital. He is being arraigned alongside four others on a three-count charge, bordering on criminal conspiracy, unlawful assembly and attempting to incite others slammed against them by the Federal Government. The Sahara Reporters publisher and his codefendants pleaded not guilty to all the three-count charges preferred against them by the Federal Government. The police had alleged that the defendants were arrested on the eve of the New Year with placards calling for a violent revolution against President Muhammadu Buhari. Sowore had earlier before the protest charged Nigerians on his Twitter handle to hold a crossover protest by picking up a candle and a placard showing their grievances against the administration of President Buhari. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided