President Joe Biden of the United States has called for unity in the country and says “America is much better than this.” In a speech which was broadcast around the world, the 46th President of the United States said: “I will be a president for all Americans – all Americans. And I promise you I will fight as hard for those who did not support me as for those who did.” In a bid to drive away from the damaging politics of the last four years and the Trump Presidency he added: “There is truth and there are lies. Lies toll for power and for profit. “Each of us has a duty and a responsibility as citizens, as Americans and especially as leaders… to defend the truth and defeat the lies. “Politics doesn’t have to be a raging fire destroying everything in its path. Every disagreement doesn’t have to be a cause for total war. “And we must reject the culture in which facts themselves are manipulated – and even manufactured. “America has to be better than this, and I believe America is so much better than this.” “My whole soul is in this – bringing America together, uniting our people, uniting our nation. And I ask every American to join me in this cause. “We can make America once again a leading force for good in the world. “Stop the shouting and lower the temperature – for without unity there is no peace, only bitterness and fury. “No progress, only exhausting outrage. No nation, only historic chaos. ‘We must meet this moment as the United States of America.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded 70 COVID-19 Deaths Last Week – Highest In Six Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 70 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in six months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 78 deaths reported in the 30th week of the pandemic (July 19 – July 25)… BREAKING: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… We must reject culture in which facts are manipulated, manufactured, says President Biden CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided