An Osogbo-based herbal seller, Ganiyat Oladapo on Monday appeared before an Osun State Chief Magistrates’ Court, for allegedly selling a newborn baby for N150,000. The defendant who was said to have committed the offence in June last year was arraigned on two counts charge bordering on child trafficking, conspiracy and illegal procurement. She was said to have taken one pregnant woman, Mariam Oladapo who was in her custody and was in search of greener pasture to Anambra State where she taught her how to hawk herb on the streets of the town. However, when the pregnant woman gave birth to a baby, the defendant sold the newborn baby for N150,000. The police prosecutor, Inspector Jacob Akintunde, informed the court that the defendant committed the act sometime in June 2020. The charges read in part, “sometime in June 2020 at Osogbo, you conspired and procured one Mariam Oladapo from Osogbo to Anambra State where her child was sold for N150,000, thereby committing an offence punishable under Section 14(2) of the Trafficking in Persons (Prohibition) Law Enforcement and Administration Act, 2003.” Though the defendant pleaded not guilty to charges, her counsel, Taiwo Awokule, also prayed the court to grant her bail. In her ruling, the magistrate, Modupe Awodele, admitted the accused to bail in the sum of N1million with two sureties and adjourned the matter till February 9, 2020. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE