Ahead of next week commencement of nationwide membership/revalidation of all members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Yobe State governor and Chairman of the Caretaker/ Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni, has warned party chieftains against sabotage of the exercise. Governor Buni issued the warning, on Wednesday, while inaugurating the 11-member Committee led by Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sani Bello. The revalidation exercise according to Governor Buni was to provide the opportunity for both new and old members to register and update their membership in the party, and for the party to expunge names of those who had since left and ultimately, update the membership register. Governor Buni tasked the team which has his Niger State counterpart, Governor Bello to be fair to all the party faithful in its assignment. While he warned that saboteurs of the exercise would be dealt with by his interim leadership, the Yobe state governor equally pleaded with the Committee to work as a team. He said: “Let me make it abundantly clear that the party would not condone any act of sabotage of denying anyone or group of persons from registering. The party would deal decisively with anyone or group who attempt hijacking the exercise. Everyone must be allowed and given the chance to register. “The party has adequate backup materials to ensure a successful exercise and no one must be disenfranchised. “I urge the committee to work as a team for every member to contribute his quota to the success of this important assignment. I wish you great success.” ALSO READ: BREAKING: Biden sworn in as 46th US president Giving acceptance speech on behalf of his colleagues, the Niger State governor promised the APC CECPC that it would deliver on the assignment, conscientiously. He maintained that excluding anxious Nigerians willing to join the party from the membership exercise would ultimately be inimical to the growth of the ruling party. He said: “On behalf of members of this newly inaugurated Committee, I would like to thank you for the confidence in us and at the same time I would like to assure you that we have noted your concerns in regards to the registration exercise and we will ensure that we do it with some decency and at the same time we will ensure that any interested person or group will be given the opportunity to join the winning party, APC. “Your Excellency, our business is to grow our party not to limit people. People make the party, the party does not make people. The more the merrier, we shouldn’t get intimidated by the quality, calibre of the people joining our party because we feel that they will deprive us of some certain positions that are left in the hands of God but what is important is the success of the party at all elections and once we achieve that there will always be a room for someone. “Your Excellency, we will take this assignment seriously, we will swing into action. “We will try and work devoid of any bias and we will give every person the opportunity to join our party.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE     APC membership exercise: There will be sanctions for sabotage ― Governor Buni CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided