Two other travellers kidnapped by gunmen along Omoh- Ijesha and Erimo- Ijesha road of Oriade Local Government area of Osun State on Tuesday night regained their freedom after paid a ransom of N1million to their abductors. It will be recalled that one out of the three kidnapped travellers escaped on Sunday when the incident happened to make it to remain two persons in the custody of the kidnappers. The released victims said to be two women who had spent three days in the den of the kidnappers before being set free. However, seven of the abductors were arrested by the vigilante group, members of Oodua Progressive Congress (OPC), hunters and JTF officers comprising of Policemen, Officers of the State Security Services and the Nigeria Security And Civil Defence Corps who invaded the forest where the evil perpetrators took their kidnapped victims to. Informed sources from the security circle hinted that, out of the arrested abductors, there was a Yoruba man popularly called “Jumbo” who conspired with the Fulani herdsmen and at the same time expose them to the topography of the area. The Yoruba man who said to be their food provider and supplier at all times in the forest said to be living in Omoh where he served as an informant to the herdsmen. Meanwhile, all the arrested ones are now being interrogated by the state police command. Police sources disclosed that several moves are now on from different quarters to secure their release from the police custody, the move which the police said to have resisted vehemently. Those released however said to have been reconciled with their families while efforts are on by the security operatives and other combatants to effect an arrest of other abductors who flee to different dimensions when the arresters stormed their den in the forest. Speaking on the arrest, the OPC Coordinator in the state, Chief Deji Aladesewa confirmed the arrest of seven abductors in the forest. Also, the state Police Command on Wednesday confirmed their rescue on Tuesday night by a joint operation of police, JTF vigilantes and OPC group. The police command Public Relations Officer, SP Yemisi Opalola made the confirmation in a statement in Osogbo. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Seven kidnappers arrested  Seven kidnappers arrested 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Seven kidnappers arrested  Seven kidnappers arrested NIGERIAN TRIBUNE CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided