The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi has told former Osun State governor, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola that his loyalty to the Yoruba nation and support for Its culture and the traditional institution as well as his achievements in public office will make the Yoruba nation never to forget him. Oba Adeyemi stated this in his goodwill message to Oyinlola on his 70th birthday coming up on Wednesday, 3 February, 2021. Tha Alaafin, in the statement entitled: “Tribute to Omooba Pataki, Olagunsoye Asola Oyinlola at 70,” said the former governor had “in the last 70 years…seen the good, the bad and the ugly aspects of life but had “successfully weathered all storms. You are, no doubt, a courageous and dependable leader in good and challenging times.” While noting the support which Oyinlola has been giving the Yoruba nation, culture and the obaship institution since his taking public office, Oba Adeyemi said “God will continue to honour you and the Yoruba nation will never forget you.” He told Oyinlola further that “your meritorious service to the nation is impeccable, exemplary and inspiring. In all the national assignments you have graciously handled, you have established yourself as a man of character and as a contented personality who cannot be destroyed by the spoils of office. ALSO READ: No corps member tested positive for COVID-19 inside Niger NYSC camp ― Task Force “Above all, you are a true embodiment of African royalty. I salute you for your contributions to the preservation and promotion of Yoruba culture as well as the promotion of the traditional institution. May your life continue to be beneficial to Okuku Community, Osun State, Yorubaland and the nation at large. “In the words of Augustus William Hare and Julius Charles Hare “In a mist, the heights can, for the most part, see each other; but the valleys cannot”. Certainly, we have seen many times above the mists of life and on those heights, honors have been bestowed. Within and beyond the shores of Nigeria, you have deservedly received honors and blazed the trail of excellence. “As you celebrate your 70th birthday, I am hopeful that the people of Okuku and Osun State in general would roll out the drums to celebrate you as their former Governor with impeccable record of service.” The birthday celebrations will be a  two-day event which will comply strictly with COVID-19 protocols. There will be a thanksgiving service at the Cathedral Church of Christ, Marina, Lagos on 3rd February 2021 at 11am. This will be followed by another Thanksgiving Service at the Oba Oyinlola Memorial Anglican Church, Okuku, on Saturday 6th February at 10am for well wishers from Osun State and the environs. Expected at the celebrations are leaders across the country including former presidents, governors, ex-governors, other political leaders, captains of industry and religious leaders of all persuasions. Due to COVID-19 pandemic concerns, a reception earlier planned for the Harbour Point, Victoria Island, Lagos and other social events earlier scheduled for Okuku, Osun State have been put off. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!