The National Coordinator, Agricultural Transformation Agenda Support Program Phase-One (ATASP-1) Dr. Ibrahim Mohammed Arabi has said that the second phase of the programme would be expanded to accommodate other states and farmers at the value chains of agricultural productivity Dr. Arabi made this declaration while responding questions from journalists in his office in Abuja. In 2014, The Federal Government of Nigeria secured a loan from the African Development Bank (AfDB) for the implementation of the Agricultural Transformation Agenda Support Programme (ATASP-1). Arabi said that the need for expansion of the programme was necessary having seen what the first phase of ATASP has been able to achieve with improved living standard of poor farmers, processors and marketers in the rural areas of the seven states of the project operations that include Anambra, Enugu, Niger, Kano, Jigawa, Kebbi and Sokoto. The National Coordinator expressed optimism that the programme’s expansion to other states would reduce poverty more at the rural areas. He added that rural urban migration would be as well reduced just as social infrastructure like rural feeder roads, functional health centres, drinkable waters powered by solar and provision of markets for easy transactions were part of the package for the people. Responding to the question on the need for expansion to other states, Arabi said ‘’that is our plan for the second phase because of the achievement already recorded under the present ATASP-1 through the component of value chains development of rice, sorghum and cassava where we have improved the productivity and production. in project areas of all the seven states with about baseline of 1.5 ton per hectare to about 6-7 ton in rice production. “And the same in the other two crops of cassava and sorghum. This is the reason why the programme should be expanded to more states for rural economic development as more rural people are being made to become more richer, and thereby reducing poverty, and creating wealth to more people to achieve the core objective of the programme, and that is why other states should be taken into consideration’’ On the process of involvement of the other states, he stated that ‘’at the appropriate time, we are going to make request to the Federal Government through the Minister of Agriculture based on the achievement we have recorded during the first phase which beneficiaries have testified to. “We have no doubt about the second phase of the programme when considering the magnanimity of President Muhammadu Buhari and his focus on Agriculture in order to make life much better for especially rural people. “I am sure he is going to consider the programme for second phase. Also the African Development Bank as co-sponsor are also impressed about the performance of the programme and we have no doubt about their support for the second phase’’.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided