The Arewa Consultative Forum(ACF) has called on the federal government and South West governors to stop the current drift in the region against the Fulanis in order to avert social upheaval in the country. This was contained in a statement issued by the National Publicity Secretary of the forum, Emmanuel Yawe and made available to the Tribune Online on Saturday. According to ACF government must be proactive and stop history from repeating itself. ‘We recall that the civil war in the 60’s started with attacks and counter attacks like this. The ACF noted those who spearheaded the recent attacks must be apprehended and allowed the law take its cause. If this is not done, ACF posited there may be counter attacks in the North, saying the country may be in flames. Full text: ”This morning received reports of an attack by Yoruba Youths on Alhaji Saliu Abdulkadir, the Serki Fulani in Oyo State. ALSO READ: Apapa gridlock: NPA commences electronic truck call-up system In the reports, he was attacked and driven out of his house, eleven cars and his house burnt with his family members now living in the bush. ”There are allegations that one Sunday Igboho an agitator for Oodua Republic and who issued an ultimatum giving Fulani people seven days to leave Yorubaland is the instigator of the attack. ”The most disturbing aspect of the attack is the allegation that the security agents who were earlier warned about it’s imminence stood by helplessly as the attack was carried out. ”The ACF is worried about this trend and calls on the Federal and State Governments in the South West to move quickly to avert a social upheaval that may destabilize the whole country. ”We recall that the civil war in the 60’s started with attacks and counter attacks like this. ”The governments must be proactive and stop history from repeating itself. Those who carried out these attacks must be apprehended and the due process of the law allowed to take its course. ”If this is not done there maybe counter attacks in the north and the country will be up in flames. The authorities must act. The ACF is very worried and calls on them to act fast. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Attacks on Fulani  Attacks on Fulani 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Attacks on Fulani After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…Attacks on Fulani NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided