Attracted by the exemplary Agricultural practice of the Ogun State Government, a delegation from the Federal Capital Territory Agricultural Development Programme (FCT-ADP) as well as the Agric and Rural Development Secretariate (ARDS) recently visited the state with the aim of understudying it. Leader of the delegation who is also the Director, Planning, Research and Statistics, ARDS, Yahaya Hussaini, in his remarks said the seamless land Aquisition, land management, farm settlement as well as farm estates operation of the state informed their choice of Ogun for the share-learning and they are ready to implement same. “We are here because of the various success stories of Ogun State in terms of Agriculture. It was indeed a fruitful visit, we have been to other states but what we saw in Ogun State is a wide margin, and we came to the conclusion that Agriculture is the way out of our challenges. “We saw the  farm institute and estate operated by the state government as well as the skilled personnel and we we’re thrilled and they are all worthy of emulation”,  Yahaya said. He added that the FCT-ADP was looking at ways of harnessing the potential of youths in the FCT in Agriculture as well as dissuade them from over relying on white collar jobs, saying Agriculture could be used to take many out unemployment. Yahaya submitted that the Ogun Broiler Project as well as Fisheries production will be replicated in the FCT-ADP, believing it will further help to boost its Internally Generated Revenue (IGR). He attributed the successes recorded to the support gotten from the State Governor, Prince (Dr.) Dapo Abiodun, committed staffers, collaboration with Development partners, noting that it was poised to do even more this year. Welcoming the Team, Commissioner for Agriculture, Dr. Adeola Odedina said it was time for Nigeria to create a synergy and cross fertilize ideas that would engender modern commercial farming and industrialization. “It is interesting that you came to know how we handle our projects. People from other states also came last year and we will also visit some states to learn from them. I thank you for choosing to come and tap from the wealth of experience of the state, Ogun is not a “know it all state”. We are also open and ready to collaborate and learn from other states The Team visited the Ajegunle farm settlement, Odeda Farm Institute, Anchor Borrowers fields, Ikenne farm settlement, among others, just as the Head of Extension, FCT-ADP, Ndaya Muhammad Yelwa appreciated the Ogun Agric team for the hospitality and warm reception accorded them.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided