A MAN has told a Lusaka local court in Zambia, that he could not take care of a child that was not his because his lover told him that he was not the father. According to The Zambian Observer, John Malama, 30, of Kanyama compound was testifying in a case in which his lover, Sylvia Chilufya, 20, of the same compound sued him for child maintenance. Sylvia told Senior Court magistrate, Esther Mulomba, sitting with the other magistrates, Abbishine Michelo and Lewis Mumba at Kanyama Local Court, that she stayed with John for eight years and he did not pay dowry. She explained that John could not refuse responsibility of their child because she got pregnant when she was in his house. Sylvia explained that they differed in many ways and that was what forced her to leave him, adding that then the child was one year old. The child was now three years old. In cross-examination, Sylvia said that John did not find her with any man and did not frequent bars as alleged. In defence, John said that he knew Sylvia as his wife but that he found her with a man who she said was the father of the child. John explained that Sylvia was coming home around 10:00 pm most of the days and that he reported her to her parents but she  refused to change. When asked by the court if he would maintain the child in question, John said that he could not do so as he was not the father. Magistrate Mulomba, however, ordered John to be paying child maintenance fee of K250 per month and that if he doubted paternity, he should go for DNA test. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… CLICK HERE FOR A NATURAL SOLUTION FOR WEAK ERECTION AND PREMATURE EJACULATION WITHIN 30DAYS. SAFE AND EFFECTIVE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!