Operatives of the Delta State Police Command have arrested one of the suspected abductors of a 12-year-old girl, Blessing Imeh simply identified as “General.” The teenager was found with a slit throat in Abraka, in Ethiope East Local Government Area of Delta State days after she was declared missing on January 1, 2021, while running an errand for her parents. After several fruitless efforts were exerted to find her, another teenager was said to have found her in a cesspit behind their house on Tuesday, January 5, 2021, before raising the alarm. Blessing was said to have testified that one of their neighbours, popularly called “General” and two other men allegedly kidnapped her. Reacting to the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Onome Onovwakpoyeya, DSP, confirmed to journalists that “General” had been arrested, adding that the victim was being medically attended to. “The young girl was stabbed at the back and her throat was slit, but she’s alive and receiving treatment at the moment. “She said three people lured her, but she could identify one who is a carpenter and their neighbour. “The carpenter, called General, has been arrested and effort is being made to arrest other suspects,” she disclosed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Police arrest suspected abductor  Police arrest suspected abductor 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Police arrest suspected abductor    Police arrest suspected abductor NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided