A director in the Kwara State Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Khalid Ibrahim Ndaman, has been found dead in his office in Ilorin on Monday morning. Officials of the ministry, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the body of Ndaman, who was until his death the Director of Veterinary in the ministry, was found in the office early in the morning, even as circumstances surrounding the death remained sketchy. It was gathered that Dr Ndaman who until his death was a director of Veterinary in the ministry The sources, who said that the deceased was seen coming to office in the morning hale and hearty, added that it was when one of the staff went to meet with him about an hour after his arrival to discuss a pending official matter, that he met him dead. It was gathered that Ndaman was seen resting his head on the table, but already dead. “The staff knocked on his door, but no response. So, after some time he went inside. There was a pending official matter since Friday that he needed to conclude with him so he needed to see him. “Having waited outside and no response the staff went inside the office and met him resting his head on the table. He greeted him but no response until he moved close and touched him to realize that he’s already dead,” the source said. Speaking on the development, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ajayi Okasanmi, said, “I’m aware of the incident. For now, it’s a case of sudden natural death until we complete investigation. We will brief the press depending on the outcome of our findings.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!