French representative in West Africa Dr. Sonia Darracq has described the recently launched Kwara State Agricultural Transformation Plan (2020-2030) as “the best possible strategic plan in terms of agribusiness development”. “It goes deeply through all sectors and value chains, including the education and training aspects. From it, any potential investor certainly feels reassured and comforted that Kwara is an agribusiness friendly state. It encourages investors to come and see by themselves,” Darracq, who is the Regional Agricultural Counsellor for Benin, Cameroon, Ghana, Niger, Nigeria, and Togo at the French Embassy, said during her visit to Kwara State. She said plans are underway by French private companies to partner Kwara State government in different fields of agriculture – livestock, agricultural equipment and machinery and other value chains. “As the business environment is safe in Kwara, some French companies are already willing to start building a win-win public-private-partnerships in areas related to livestock (veterinary, feeding, processing, logistics, etc); agricultural equipment and machinery for all value chains (processing, packaging, cold chain, etc.); irrigation systems: expansion (technical cooperation) and equipment; post harvest issues and agrologistic hubs,” she said. “Developing a network of agro-logistic hubs could drastically decrease post-harvest losses, contribute to structuring agricultural sectors and improve food safety and security. Darracq, who toured parts of the state in company of the Technical Assistant to the Governor on Agric Abdulquawiy Olododo, explained that the cooperation in Technical Agriculture Education between the French Network of Technical Agriculture Colleges and the similar institutions in Kwara, mainly ARMTI, will be strengthened. She said the partnership will also involve several stakeholders within and outside the academic, including in the area of vocational trainings. Darracq recalled that collaboration with Kwara State started in February 2020 when Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq attended the Paris International Agriculture Show. Her words: “When the Governor visited the Paris International Agriculture Show in February 2020, we then had the opportunity to exchange ideas about the many agricultural sectors France and Kwara State may be interested in working together. But our activities were distracted by the critical consequences of the pandemic on a huge part of the population in Nigeria. However, working ways reorganised and reinvented, and when he recently visited the French Ambassador, His Excellency proposed to begin working on our cooperation in the agribusiness sector by a visit of the French Agriculture Counsellor to Kwara State.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Been Forced To Pay About N50m Ransom, Ibarapa Community Cries Out
INDIGENES of Igangan community in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Sunday, recounted how they had been forced to pay about N50 million in ransom for wanton cases of kidnapping in the area. Beyond being victims of kidnapping, the residents of Ibarapa communities also recounted regular experience… Insecurity In South-West: OPC Issues Warning, Backs Akeredolu, Igboho
Oodua People’s Congress (OPC) on Sunday threw its support for the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), pledging to assist him in enforcing the deadline issued to herdsmen to vacate forest reserves in the state, just as it cautioned the presidency and the Arewa Consultative Forum… MONDAYLINES: Fulani In Yoruba Forest
Even if you feed on tortoise’s head, you should weep reading this young man’s tribute to his dad who was recently murdered by Fulani herdsmen on his farm: “I remember one of our last conversations, I told you I had lost every hope in Nigeria and how I don’t see it becoming better in another 50-100 years… EDITORIAL: Akeredolu’s Quit Notice And Buhari’s Govt Defence Of Killer Herders
IF there was any doubt left in the minds of Nigerians that the Muhammadu Buhari administration places more premium on the lives of Fulani herdsmen than any other lives in the country, such an illusion was violently shattered last week. First, in an unprecedented, crude and criminal assault on the sensibilities… Threats Of Reprisal Attack Against South-West: ACF, Miyetti Allah Are Jokers ― Gani Adams
Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Sunday, reacted to the threats to attack the South-West in a reprisal mission by the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), describing the two northern groups as jokers… PDP Expresses Concern Over Multiple Disasters Affecting States
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) lamented the spate of disasters across the states of the federation in the recent time, saying that it calls for the concern of all. In a statement issued in Abuja, on Sunday, by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the party said it was pained particularly over the recent devastating fire disaster at the Sokoto Central… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!