Technology is a major part of everyone’s life and this is certainly true in Nigeria. This powerhouse African nation is one of the tech hotspots in all of Africa and makes great use of digital resources to thrive. One technological breakthrough that many in Nigeria are eagerly awaiting is the rollout of 5G. But what is 5G? In simple terms, it is the next generation of mobile broadband technology. A real step up from current 4G networks, it promises to be of great benefit to personal and business activities. Of course, many Nigerians are well aware of this and are keen to know when the network may be fully available.  What is the latest on 5G rollout in Nigeria? It is fair to say that people around the country have been anxiously awaiting this rollout for some time. While 2019 saw 5G testing in some areas for a three-month period, this was merely to research how it might work and what challenges it could bring. As such, no official rollout has yet been sanctioned. The latest 5G news from the Nigerian Communications Commission in November 2020 was that a draft report regarding its deployment has been produced. It seems that this draft report will now undergo a period of official consultation before any decision is taken. It is not yet known how long this will take or when 5G may be destined for rollout in Nigeria. This consultation period will also allow the Nigerian authorities to look at international standards around 5G before rolling it out in the country. The report itself can be found on the NCC website and sets out the strategy for 5G deployment in Nigeria and what benefits it might bring. But what could these benefits be? [ICYMI]  Court slates Thursday for APC, Obaseki to adopt final addresses in alleged certificate forgery suit Better mobile betting and casino play A major benefit that 5G will bring affects how Nigerians like to spend their spare time. Sectors that should get a boost are mobile betting and casino play – both are very popular in Nigeria and many people around the country regularly play games or place bets via their mobile devices. The online casino industry in the country is one of the biggest in Africa and 2019 saw online casinos in Nigeria generate a gross gambling yield of over £50 million. The 5G networks being rolled out across the country should offer faster and more reliable connections for people to use when connecting to Nigerian mobile casinos. This will not only give gamblers a better experience but help the industry become an even more positive force in Nigeria’s economy. Boost for the Nigerian business community When 5G becomes available across the country, it should also deliver a boost to businesses. We all know that business in general is increasingly going online in the modern age, and taking advantage of digital channels to prosper. This can be seen in how Nigerian firms use online marketing to increase brand awareness or sell their goods on a global scale via digital platforms and websites. Of course, quick and stable internet connections are key to all this. An effective 5G network should give increased levels of both and help Nigerian companies work faster, more flexibly and more productively. As next-gen 5G tech should prove ultra reliable, there should also be less downtime for Nigerian online entrepreneurs. 5G can help position Nigeria as a truly modern country Fifth generation networks represent cutting-edge technology and are at the very limit of modern developments in this area. By rolling this out across the land, Nigeria can show that it is a modern country and one that is leading when it comes to the latest mobile tech in Africa. This will help to make it more appealing to investors and companies that might be looking for a new base in Africa. It should also make the country much more appealing for tourists to visit and for people to move to. All this combined could be a real boost for Nigeria’s image and its economy.  No concrete news on full 5G deployment yet The short answer as to when 5G may be fully available in Nigeria is that no one yet knows for sure. With the 2019 trial period over and a draft report on its findings being considered, it could still be a while before we see government officials give it the green light. With 5G offering speeds up to 100 times greater than 4G and enhanced benefits in sectors such as AI and drone tech, it is certainly something worth looking forward to.   Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided