The Oodua Youth Coalition (OYC) has backed the decision of the Ondo State governor, Rotimi Akeredolu to ban open grazing by herdsmen and the directive for them to move out from the forest reserves as a move that would ensure maximum security of lives and property in the state. The president of OYC, Oluyi Akintade Tayo in a statement made available to Nigerian Tribune on Thursday noted that the action of the governor must be supported by all stakeholders in the zone, adding that the criminal elements under the guise of herdsmen had committed heinous crimes in the state. Oluyi said, “Following the rising cases of kidnappings, killings and endless attacks on unsuspecting victims by herdsmen on major highways across the South-West of Nigeria, the Oodua Youth Coalition (OYC) commend the brave decision of the Ondo State governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu to ban open grazing by cattle herders across the state and order the vacation of the state forest reserves by those inhabiting thereof. “While the spate of killings across the state calls for the attention of all stakeholders, we see the action of the governor as one step towards arresting the insecurity challenges ravaging the land. We see the pronouncement of the governor as one needed for our security agents to live up to their responsibilities by ensuring the security of lives and properties. It is also an opportunity to fish out these criminals hiding under the picture of herdsmen to perpetuate evil.” The group advised the governor to be committed to the effectiveness of the Amotekun security outfit by providing, ” the needed institutional, moral and political support for the Amotekun security network to live up to its mandate.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided