THERE are expectations that stop rates of new issuances will increase in the new week, as Treasury-bills worth N377.44 billion which will mature via the primary and secondary markets will more than offset the T-bills worth N187.29 billion which will be auctioned by CBN via the primary market; viz: 91-day bills worth N7.5 billion, 182-day bills worth N54.92 billion and 364-day bills worth N125.20 billion, dealers from Cowry Assets Management Limited have said. Meanwhile, the Debt Management Office (DMO) held its latest monthly auction of Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) bonds on Wednesday. It offered N150 billion, raised N122 billion ($310 million) and attracted a total bid of N238 billion. The marginal rates on the reopened 15- and 25-year benchmarks rose for the second month, by 180 basis points (bps) and 195bps, respectively. The DMO also reopened the 10-year benchmark, which it had not sold for over one year. Analysts say that by accepting fewer bids, the DMO would have set lower marginal rates. However, the FGN has a large borrowing programme ahead of it this year, not least because of the additional hit to revenue collection as a result of the Covid-19 virus. In the secondary market, FGN bond yields have been rising since the start of the year. This was the background to the first auction of 2021, along with the sense that the DMO would front-load its issuance. “When we add sales on a non-competitive basis to public bodies, the DMO raised N170 billion from the auction this week. Available records show that the approved 2021 budget provides for issuance totalling N4.68 trillion by the DMO, and that the domestic/external split is set at 50/50. “When we recall that it raised N1.66 trillion (gross) last year from sales of FGN bonds (Good Morning Nigeria, 19 January 2021), we can see that the reported domestic funding target for this year is highly challenging. The DMO collects smaller sums from the issuance of other debt instruments such as N163 billion from a sale of sukuk in H1 2020 but its attainment of its target hinges upon the FGN bond auctions,” dealers from FBNQuest wrote in a note to clients. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. JUSTICE NWAFOR joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided