NOTORE Chemical Industries Plc has recorded an operating profit of N9.48 billion as against the N3.418 billion made in the preceding year. The company reported this in its audited financial statement for the year 2020 for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2020. In a statement, the Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Notore Chemical Industries, Mr Onajite Okoloko, said the increase in the company’s operating profit is due to surpluses from the professional revaluation of investment properties class of its asset. According to him, the company recorded an operating profit of 9.48 billion for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2020 as against 3.42 billion in 2019), an increase of 177 per cent. The increase was mainly attributable to surpluses from the professional revaluation of investment properties class of our assets.” He added that the company is diversifying its revenue stream through the optimization of its assets, noting, “By leveraging on its Oil and Gas Free Zone Developer Licensee status, the company took certain key steps during the year in furtherance of its plan to develop its 560 hectares industrial complex into a gas hub, as part of a gas monetization programme and the promotion of an integrated logistics service provider to companies operating in West Africa, along the entire oil and gas value chain leading to further diversification of the company’s revenue stream. While noting that the company was well-positioned to lead the fertilizer market in Africa, he stressed that the domestic fertilizer market was yet to be fully maximized, even as the company fortifies its distribution system to dominate the African market. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!