IN preparation for the bourse demutualisation, the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) has announced the inauguration of a five-man claims review panel. According to a disclosure by the NSE, the formation of the panel is pursuant to the provisions of the demutualization of the Nigerian Stock Exchange Act 2018. The experts appointed into the panel are: Mr. George Etomi (Chairman); Mr. Seni Adio, SAN; Mr. Abatcha Bulama; Dr. Paul Anababa, SAN and Prince Aghatise Erediauwa. Earlier, the local bourse in a statement announced the chief executives that will head its operating and non-operating companies upon the completion of its ongoing demutualisation. Oscar Onyema, who is the current Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the NSE will retain the position as the CEO of the Nigerian Exchange Group Plc, a new non-operating holding company that was created under the demutualisation plan. Temi Popoola was named the CEO of Nigerian Exchange Limited (NGX), while Tinuade Awe was named the CEO of NGX Regulation Limited (NGX REGCO), both subsidiaries of Nigerian Exchange Group. The Group, according to the statement, would have three operating subsidiaries – NGX which is the operating exchange; NGX REGCO as the independent regulatory arm; and NGX Real Estate Limited (NGX RELCO), the real estate arm. The statement noted that all the entities have been registered at the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE As Nigeria Enters The New Year, More People Die Of COVID-19 Last week, Nigeria recorded 55 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest in over four months, Tribune Online analysis reveals. According to data sourced from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the last time Nigeria recorded more deaths than last week was the 59 deaths reported in the 32nd week of the pandemic (August 2 – August 8)… [ICYMI] Minutes After Electoral College Elected Joe Biden, US Attorney General Resigns (Resignation Letter Inside) A close ally of President Donald Trump and the United States Attorney General, William Barr, has resigned his appointment after holding a meeting with the president… COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… International Criminal Court Begins Probe Into Shooting Of #EndSARS Protesters In Nigeria The International Criminal Court (ICC) has disclosed that it’s conducting a preliminary investigation into the recent #EndSARS protests in Nigeria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported on Wednesday… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!