The Senate on Tuesday considered and confirmed five presidential nominees for the position of non-career ambassador-designate in a controversial twist. Four of the nominees are immediate past service chiefs, General Abayomi G. Olonisakin (retd), Ekiti; Lt. General Tukur Yusuf  Burutai (retd), Borno; Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas (retd), Cross River; Air Marshal, Sadique Baba Abubakar (retd), and Air Vice-Marshal Muhammed S. Usman (retd), Kano. Minority leader of the Senate, Enyinnaya Abaribe had demanded that the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Senator Mohammed Bulkachuwa, provide the Senate with reports of petitions against the nominees which according to him bordered on the integrity of the Senate. Bulkachuwa reported that there was a petition against the nominees but did not mention its content. Abaribe was countered by the President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan, who said the petition which argued that the Senate would be upholding double standard by confirming the same officers whose resignation it had called for severally. He said the ambassadorial assignments are different from that of military chiefs tasked with national security. Details later…  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided