Executive Secretary, Oyo State Primary Health Care Board, Dr Muideen Olatunji on Wednesday, announced the take off of mental health and dental healthcare services at the state’s primary health care centres for a robust healthcare delivery in the state. Dr Olatunji, inaugurating the state’s Social Behavioural Change Communication (SBCC) committee, with support from Sustaining Programmes and Partnerships in Reproductive Health Transformation (SUPPoRT) initiative, said it was to promote integrated healthcare service delivery. According to him, the committee is expected to support the State to engender appropriate behaviour in the health, including immunization of children, uptake of family planning services and other services that will ensure safe mothers and healthy babies. Dr Olatunji said the members of the committee, including officers of the National Orientation Agency (NOA), media, health educators and family planning managers at the 33 local governments in the state, were carefully chosen  to ensure better health indices for the state. State team lead, SUPPoRT initiative, Mrs Stella Akinso, said changing people required a strategic social behavioural communication change (SBCC) plan to help individuals make an informed choice that would lead to an informed decision, and invariably better health. The committee members who would be given terms of reference of their work, she said would also be undergoing many training to help them  support the initiative’s goal of a healthy mother and healthy children. Earlier, NOA’s State Director, Mr Akinwunmi Olaleye,  urged men to support their wives accessing health care services, especially family planning services and urges couples to have the number of children they could maintain. Mr Olaleye said NOA, as part of its activities, would continue to its enlightenment campaign on family planning in the community, town hall meetings and social gatherings to dispel myths on family planning and to ensure individuals understand its importance to a healthy nation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Nigeria Is Stronger Together Than Being Apart ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has admonished that despite differences in religion, ethnicity, political affiliations, or other diversities, Nigerians of all generations and from all walks of life must endeavour to commit to ensuring Nigeria’s unity because the nation is stronger together than apart…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided