Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger State has condemned in strong terms the kidnap of about 20 passengers in Kundu village in Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State. Governor Sani Bello in a statement described the incident as an act of inhumanity, adding that the government will intensify efforts towards ensuring the safety of lives and property. The governor maintained that his government will not surrender to criminals in form of bandits, kidnappers and cattle rustlers but will continue to utilize available resources and manpower to curb the menace. He acknowledged the enormity of the security challenges confronting the state, but assured the people that the state in active collaboration with President Muhammadu Buhari and the security agencies remain undaunted in its war against the lower societal elements making life miserable for the people. The governor said government has adequately mobilised the security agencies to go after the bandits saying, “I am pained by the security concerns in the state. My priority is to safeguard lives and property and no stone will be left unturned in doing so. I am supporting the security agencies to ensure maximum security on our roads and communities. He, however, appealed to families and loved ones of those kidnapped not to be downcast with the situation but be fervent in prayers to God for their safe return. The governor solicited the cooperation of the people with the security agencies in sharing useful information that could help in the rescue of the kidnapped victims. It was around 3 pm that passengers not fewer than 18 in an intrastate bus in the fleet of the Niger State Transport Authority (NSTA) were kidnapped while coming back from a wedding ceremony at Rijau, in Rijau Local Government Area of the state. Only a woman with her child was said to have been left by the kidnappers. Meanwhile, the chief of staff to the governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Balarabe Kagara and his entourage while returning from Kagara his hometown in Rafi Local Government Area of the state for the APC registration and revalidation exercise, were said to have escaped being kidnapped by whiskers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!