Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has declared the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) belongs to all states of the Niger-Delta region and so no one particular ethnic group should assert itself as the dominant owner of the commission as being observed of recent. He condemned the posture of some ethnic groups in the region that behave as if they own the NDDC. The governor made the declaration when he played host to the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of NDDC which was on a courtesy visit to Government House, Port Harcourt on Tuesday. Wike said members of those groups always kicked against the appointment of certain persons to head the commission because they feel such persons are not from core Niger Delta states, a development which he stated must stop. “Anybody can be appointed in Niger-Delta. There are people who believe that if they appoint somebody from Edo or Cross River States, for example, they say no. That those people are not the core Niger-Delta states. We must have to stop that.” The governor also said such people also leave their states and come to Rivers State to block the gates of the commission, cause crisis and frustrate economic activities. “NDDC does not belong to any ethnic group in the Niger-Delta region. It does not belong to anybody. There are people who have seen themselves that they are the owners of NDDC. They leave their states and come to NDDC to block the gate. We are peaceful people, but nobody should push us to the point where we can tell you enough is enough.” He went on: “The next time they try it again to cause a crisis in our state, I’ll mobilise our people against them. I am not saying if you have a grievance with NDDC you shouldn’t seek how to settle it. But don’t use it to cause a problem for us, to begin to make economic activities not to move on.” The governor challenged the new interim leadership to determined to make a difference, change the current narrative of the commission serving outsiders interest and abandoning its core mandate of developing the region. The governor said people were abusing the entire region because the commission had wasted trillions of Dollars without lifting the masses of the region out of poverty or commensurate developmental projects on the ground to show for the funds received. “The problem with us is that you allow people outside to control you. You want to have godfathers from East, West and North. NDDC is created for Niger Delta. Use the money for the people and the region. Earlier, the Interim Administrator and Chief Executive Officer of the NDDC, Mr Effiong Akwa, said the visit was first to be undertaken by his team to any governor in the region. Akwa informed the governor that with the permanent NDDC head office is now completed, saying it is ready for commissioning on February 25, 2021. The administrator on behalf of the commission later presented six waste disposal trucks to the Rivers State Government to improve the sanitary conditions in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!