Four persons died, while 43 others were injured in a lone crash on the Oyo-Ogbomoso road on Wednesday morning. The incident occurred when the trailer conveying both humans and rams at Sekona area suddenly veered off the road and tumbled. While the injured persons were taken to a clinic at Sabo in Ogbomoso, the dead persons were deposited at the morgue of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Hospital Ogbomoso. While eyewitnesses said the driver veered off the road to avoid a head-on collision, Oyo State Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mrs Uche Chukwurah said it was a case of suspected fatigue and the driver dozing off on the steering. She further confirmed that fifteen other persons were rescued without injuries. “There was a crash this morning and four died, 43 were injured, 15 were rescued without injuries. They were taken to a clinic at Sabo while the dead were taken to LAUTECH. “It was a lone accident. We suspect fatigue and sleeping on steering. It was a trailer carrying both humans and animals, goats and a total of 62 persons were involved,” Chukwurah said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…43 injured in Oyo-Ogbomoso  43 injured in Oyo-Ogbomoso 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..43 injured in Oyo-Ogbomoso  43 injured in Oyo-Ogbomoso NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!