Two middle aged men, Edeani Jasper and Fatipe Tolulope were on Thursday ordered to be remanded in Ile-ife Correctional Centre by an Osogbo Magistrates Court over alleged fraud of N18 million. The defendants said to have conspired between themselves to defraud Emmanuel Davis the total amount of N18, million with intent to buy 25 cars for him from the United State of America. The Police Prosecutor, Inspector, Elisa Olusegun had told the court that, the defendant committed the offense on Feb. 7 within Osogbo metropolis but the duo pleaded not guilty to the offence. The prosecutor however told the court that, the offence committed contravened sections 422, 516, and 383 punishable under section 390 of the criminal code cap 34 , vol. 11 Laws of Osun, 2002. The Defense Counsel, Mr Dayo Awoyemi prayed the court to grant his client bail in the most liberal terms. In his ruling, Magistrate Isola Omisade, ordered the defendant to be remanded in prison and fixes next hearing on the case till February 25 for consideration on the bail application by the Defense Counsel. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Court remands 2 persons  Court remands 2 persons 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Court remands 2 persons  Court remands 2 persons NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided