The Northern Elders’ Forum (NEF) has said that with the continued kidnapping and banditry especially in the northern part of the country, the citizens have lost faith in the ability of government to defend them. The Northern Elders also said the unabated abduction of students in the region poses threat to education in the region, especially the education of the girl-child. In a statement by its Director, Publicity and Advocacy, Dr Hakeem Baba-Ahmed, NEF decried the rate of kidnapping and banditry in the region. NEF said it is obvious that government lacks capability to limit the exposure of defenseless Nigeria to armed bandits and kidnappers. “It has become painfully obvious that the Federal Government is unable to muster the will or the capacity to limit exposure of Nigerians to violent criminals. “Governors have been left to quarrel over causes and strategies. Many are taking steps that have dubious legal foundations, most of which merely compound the State of Security of the citizen in the country. ALSO READ: Kano DSS denies arresting Ganduje’s aide, Dawisu “In spite of assurances from the Federal Government that it will end banditry and kidnappings, the life of the Nigerian is becoming more endangered by the day, and citizens have lost faith that Governments will reverse the successes of the criminal against defenceless citizens. “The latest reported kidnapping of more than hundreds of female students in Zamfara State follows the abduction of student of GSC, Kagara, Niger State. “Apart from the likelihood of similar abductions re-occurring as bandits engage in copy cat crimes in a region that is basically unprotected, these abductions will severely damage the poor state of education in the North, particularly girl-child education”, NEF noted. The Forum, however, adviced Northern Governors to explore all lawful avenues to improve the Security of citizens. “While they should improve their support to the Military, the Police and Security Agencies, they should also explore avenues which give them more powers to secure citizens. “Governors should explore issues which aid the spread of banditry at local and community levels and resolve them. They should also intensify multi-pronged approaches to ending banditry and kidnappings, including measures which prevent the continuation of these criminal activities by those who show a genuine willingness to stop. “Bandits who refuse to submit to mediation and cessation of criminal activities should be treated in accordance with the laws of the country. Citizens should organize and raise their levels of vigilance. They should resist the temptation to take laws into their hands, and improve the manner they work with Security Agencies. Parents should not be discouraged from sending children to schools, and all governments must take firmer measures to secure learning institutions,” the statement added. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided