Bearish sentiments persist in the domestic equities market on Wednesday’s as the All Share Index (ASI) fell by 0.10 per cent to close at 42,000.01 points amid sustained profit-taking activity. Hence, the year-to-date gain of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) ASI declined to 4.2 per cent even as the number of losers outweighed that of the gainers. The negative sentiment at the Exchange, on Wednesday, followed profit-taking on Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB), WAPCO, Flour mills of Nigeria and Ecobank Transnation Incorporation whose stocks depreciated by 2.1 per cent, 1.6 per cent, 3.0 per cent and 4.8 per cent respectively. Similarly, performance across sub-sector gauges tracked was bearish as all the sub-indices tracked closed southwards; the NSE Banking, the NSE Insurance, NSE Consumer Goods, NSE Oil/Gas and NSE Industrial indices contracted by 0.14 per cent, 2.09 per cent, 0.22 per cent, 0.05 per cent and 0.12 per cent respectively. Meanwhile, activity in the market was mixed as total deals and volume of stocks traded moderated by 17.20 per cent and 9.21 per cent to 5,887 deals and 0.50 billion units respectively; however, the value of stocks traded rose to N5.3 billion. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded Slight Reduction In COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. This reduction doesn’t mean the country is close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic. ICYMI: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… Stock market sustains loss by 0.1 per cent COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of January — PTF NATIONAL coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, has said the nation is expected to receive its first batch of the COVID-19  vaccines by the end of this month. Aliyu made the disclosure as a guest on ARISE News, on Sunday. Upon receipt of the vaccines, Aliyu said vaccination of the public, especially those that are vulnerable, the elderly… Stock market sustains loss by 0.1 per cent SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!