It has been confirmed that four corpses have been recovered by the police while 16 persons have been arrested out of which 15 will be arraigned before a court of law in connection with the attacks during the violent protest in Billiri last weekend. The sixteenth suspect is a security personnel who is under further investigations. That was the outcome of an enlarged Security Council Meeting held on Monday and presided over by Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya. The council expressed sadness over the senseless killings and destruction of property in Billiri with religious and political undertones just as it also expressed dismay over the spread of fake news, especially through the social media by some unscrupulous elements who are trying to create a scenario that did not exist. The council, therefore, directed security agencies to fish out those spreading fake news and prosecute them just as he said security personnel are already on the trail of the masterminds of the mayhem. The council also resolved that an assessment team will be set up to determine the persons affected, properties destroyed and lives lost with a view to offering support to the victims In view of the severity of the attacks, the government said it has taken proactive measures in engaging with religious groups and all other stakeholders with a view to averting reprisal attacks with directives to chairmen of Local Government Councils to put churches under security surveillance to forestall likely reprisal attacks by some unscrupulous elements. It was also resolved that the government will set up a panel of inquiry to get to the remote and immediate causes of the incident to avert future occurrence. The council consoled the families of the deceased and prayed for the quick recovery of the injured and those who lost property that God will replenish them. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided