Following the imposition of daylight curfew in Ipokia Local Government area of Ogun State by traditionalists, Islamic leaders in the state have warned against impending religious crisis. A statement issued by the League of Imams and Alfas in the state noted that the daylight curfew by Oro traditionalists is a violation of the rights of other religious faithful. The statement which was signed by the Secretary-General of the body in the state, Sheikh Tajudeen Adewunmi, called on the state government to intervene in the impasse. Tribune Online gathered that the curfew formed part of the week-long annual Oro/Orisa Oba festival held in the local government by Oro adherents. But the statement reads: “We recall the agreement reached and signed last year between the Oro traditionalists, the Christians, the Muslims and other stakeholders in Ipokia with the police authority in attendance. “The agreement stated clearly that the traditionalists should celebrate their festivals without any infringement on the rights of the other religious faithfuls or generating chaos. “We reiterate that this agreement should be respected and made to be on all and sundry. “Adherents of various faiths should recognise and respect the rights of the others. A true religion brings the best out of its adherents and does not pose any hardship on the others.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded… 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Oro festival SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided