Global leader in energy management and automation, Schneider Electric, has announced the appointment of Mr Ajibola Akindele as its General Manager Process Automation, Sub-Saharan Africa. The company made this known in a press release made available to journalists. Prior to his appointment, Akindele who holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Lagos and a Master’s in Business Administration from Vanderbilt University was the General Manager, Process Automation, Schneider Electric West Africa. Mr Akindele comes in with over 20 years of wealth of experience in the Oil & Gas and Power sectors. He has actively been involved in numerous Oil & Gas and Power projects across West Africa over the past 10 years. According to the Company, he is expected to lead the overall strategic business growth of Schneider Electric Process Automation in Sub-Saharan Africa through the on-going expansion initiative of the company in Africa. Akindele, a renowned authority in the areas of automation and electrification in West Africa has played a significant role in discussions to help guide government strategies and policies across Africa. In his response, the newly appointed General Manager, appreciated Schneider Electric for finding him worthy of the appointment, he promised to place on the front burner the company’s mandate of driving business growth and local content in Sub-Saharan Africa. “The whole idea is to increase our footprint across Africa. This would help drive growth across African countries. We intend to make Nigeria the hub for Process Automation, where we will service other countries. We will be hiring in specific countries to cover various regions across Africa. We will collaborate with more companies in Nigeria and help build the capacity of our young people by developing the right skillset in Africa at large,” he said. Schneider Electric, as part of its efforts towards enshrining Local Content in Nigeria, has acquired the Nigerian Content Equipment Certificate (Category A) and committed to developing local capacity through regular training of its indigenous members of staff. As key drivers of capacity building and sustainability initiatives, Schneider Electric has also created a JAMB centre and Process Automation training centre in Bonny Kingdom to be commissioned this year. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!