The Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Otunba Segun Runsewe has charged the country’s ambassador-designates to give cultural diplomacy a prominent place in their new assignments in order to stimulatlate and activate investment for economic gains. Runsewe, who spoke at the induction ceremony of ambassador-designates, consuls-general and CDA en-titre, held at the Presidential Villa, also used the avenue to roll out the Nigerian cultural map, with details of cultural festivals and time of celebrations according to state schedules in the 36 states of the federation, including Abuja. Speaking on the rich Nigerian culture and its potential to diversify the economy and attract foreign investment, Runsewe enjoined all the envoys to be at the forefront of promoting and engaging foreign nations and their people on the robust and rich Nigerian cultural economy, waiting for collaborations and partnerships. He noted that the 36 states have very rich, unique and diverse cultural contents which cannot be easily found anywhere in Africa, nay the world. According to the DG of NCAC, who also doubles as President, Africa Region World Craft Council (WCC), “the Nigerian arts and crafts sector is a gold mine waiting to be fully explored and tapped for export as well as used for the empowerment of the rural dwellers. Runsewe expressed the determination and readiness of NCAC to partner with all the new envoys to promote and market Nigerian cultural festivals and destinations abroad as soon as they settle down. “We have shown over the years that Nigerian culture has the capacity to enthrone peace and promote harmony to a world troubled by many irritations and uncertainty. It is within your call to put these attributes to the use of Nigeria and your hosts for the good of mankind. “Our culinary skills and fashion is another strategic attraction to which most nations and peoples you are posted would want to know more and appreciate.” Runsewe explained that Nigerian indigenous languages totaling over 450, spoken across the length and breadth of the country, stand as veritable evidence of Nigerian uniqueness in the map of black Africa and the world in general. “These are basic diplomatic ingredients and cultural values that can be used effectively to tell a refreshing story about Nigeria and help change the negative narratives of Nigerians and Nigeria abroad,” Runsewe highlighted. After the presentation, applauded by the new class of envoys, Runsewe presented Nigerian branded mufflers, notepads, promotional materials, laptop bags, face masks made from local fabrics and file jackets to the newly ambassador designate for onward promotion of Nigeria’s unique potentialities to the world. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided