The headquarters of the Department of State Services (DSS) on Saturday said that the Service was still expecting an official reaction from its Kano State Command regarding the arrest of Salihu Yakasai, an aide to Kano State governor, who was allegedly arrested by the operatives of the service. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja on Saturday night over the alleged arrest of Salihu Yakasai, a social media aide to Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State, following his criticism of President Muhammadu Buhari. Salihu Yakasai is the son of the elder statesman, Alhaji Tanko Yakasai. He was said to have been picked up by the Kano Command of the DSS in a controversial manner and whisked away to its Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja headquarters However, the Kano State Command of the Service debunked the reported arrest while his father, Alhaji Tanko Yakassai was said to have insisted that his son was “arrested on his way to a barbing salon in Kano.” Salihu Yakasai had tweeted on Friday that the All Progressives Congress (APC) had failed to secure Nigerians.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided