The director-general of  National Agency for Prohibition of Traffic In Persons (NAPTIB), Mrs Imaan Suleiman-Ibrahim, on Tuesday, said that the agency has investigated 375 cases of human trafficking in Benue State. Speaking during the inauguration of Taskforce against human trafficking, the DG also said that  53 victims were rescued and  45 convictions secured since 2013, the agency opened an office in Makurdi. She applauded the Benue State government for being instrumental to the success story of the agency. Mrs Suleiman-Ibrahim added that  66 Benue indigenes were rescued at the height of COVID-19 lockdown in 2020. She said that the inauguration of  State Task Forces on human trafficking was essential to ensure adequate sensitization at the grassroots and among vulnerable groups. The DG said the Task Force will help in providing services and support to victims who have been rescued and returned, as well as information sharing and law enforcement. She said that the vision of the agency was to salvage the future of Nigerians, especially women, children and youths and to safeguard the fundamental human rights of everyone. “As well as sustain to seal all activities that will see to the empowerment of our teeming youths, thereby preventing them from the contemplation of leaving the country for greener pastures.” Also at the inauguration, the representative of Chief of Mission, International Organization for Migration,  Beta Nguvulu, said that the organisation had facilitated the return of over 21,000 Migrants across countries including Nigeria, saying 76 of the victims were from Benue State. Benue State Governor,  Samuel Ortom, who was represented by his deputy,  Benson Abounu and inaugurated the Task Force described the rate of human trafficking in Nigeria as embarrassing, adding that it was unfortunate that Benue is among the endemic state for human trafficking. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 100 Nigerians Die Of COVID-19 Complications In Seven Days Last week, Nigeria recorded 100 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest since the beginning of the second wave, Tribune Online analysis reveals. The data also showed that the tally of 100 deaths last week shows there is a sharp increase when compared to the 69 deaths recorded in the previous week…NAPTIB investigates 375 cases, rescues 53, secures 45 convictions in Benue FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances…NAPTIB investigates 375 cases, rescues 53, secures 45 convictions in Benue SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!