Three persons were, on Wednesday evening, shot dead by unknown gunmen driving in a black Mercedes V boot car. Tribune Online gathered that the incident happened in front of Nkpor Civic Centre, in Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State, where after some members of the community’s taskforce were inaugurated. A source told our correspondent that unknown gunmen driving in an unregistered black Mercedes V boot car pulled off at the front of the civic centre, near Eke Nkpor market, pumping hot pellets into three men, who died instantly. Confirming the incident in a statement, the state police command’s spokesperson, CSP Haruna Mohammed, said that the command has vowed to arrest the perpetrators of the act. He gave the names of the victims as, “Izuchukwu Idemili ‘m’ aged 32 years of Nkpor, Chidi Oforma ‘m’ aged 31 years of Nkpor and Bongo Muoghalu ‘m’ aged 45years of Umouji. Mohammed said, “On the 10/2/2021 at about 1:31 pm, there was a report of alleged shooting. The incident allegedly took place when two unknown boys drove a black unregistered Mercedes “V Boot” and opened fire on the crowd shortly after the inauguration of Nkpor community tax force at the Civic Centre Eke Nkpor in Idemili North LGA of Anambra State. Following the report, Police detectives attached to Ogidi Division led by the DPO CSP Ekuri Remigius visited the scene and rushed three victims who sustained gunshot injuries to Crown hospital along Nkpor-Umuoji road for medical attention where all the three victims were certified dead by the medical doctor while receiving treatment. “Corpses have been deposited at the hospital mortuary for autopsy. Two expended ammunition of 7.62mm were recovered at the scene as exhibits.” He said the case was under investigation to unravel the circumstances surrounding the incident and efforts are being intensified to apprehend perpetrators of the heinous act in order to bring them to justice. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Unknown gunmen kill three in Anambra More Nigerians Continue To Test Positive, Die Of COVID-19 Complications ― Analysis More Nigerians have continued to test positive for COVID-19 and more deaths have been recorded from its complications, Tribune Online analysis shows. However, Nigeria recorded fewer COVID-19 infections and deaths when compared to the previous week. It also recorded increased recoveries during the same period…Unknown gunmen kill three in Anambra|.Unknown gunmen kill three in Anambra SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided