19 days after the commencement of an indefinite strike over conditions of service, the Edo State Council of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) Friday suspended the strike. A statement by the chairman, Mr Pius Okhueleigbe, the assistant secretary-general, Mr Moni Mike and three others explained that the suspension of the indefinite strike which started on January 18, 2021, was due to the effort of the national leadership of the union. The joint statement called on all public primary school-heads and teachers in the state to resume work on Monday 8th, February 2021. The unionists, however, warned that any form of victimization against leaders and members should be promptly reported to the union for necessary action. It also urged the state government to utilize the opportunity of the suspension to urgently meet the 10-point demands of the union so as to restore hope and confidence between the government and the union. He praised teachers for their unprecedented solidarity and sustenance of the indefinite strike action for the past 19 days, it, however, passed a vote of confidence on the state and branch leadership of the union and its affiliates. The statement commended the efforts of the national leadership of the union, members of Edo state government transition committee, NUT Edo State Wing Elders Council, Federal Ministry of Labour and Productivity, Edo state office, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Edo State council among others aimed at having the issues resolved amicably. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Edo primary school teachers  Edo primary school teachers 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Edo primary school teachers  Edo primary school teachers NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!