THE Muslim Media Watch Group of Nigeria (MMWG) has called on urged the new service chiefs to make their impacts felt by taking the fight against terrorism, banditry, kidnapping and other forms of violent crime in the country beyond rhetoric. The MMWG made the call in a statement by its national coordinator, Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi, in a reaction to Tuesday’s attack on Maiduguri, the Borno State capital, by Boko Haram. It urged the military and other security agencies in Nigeria to restrategise and improve their intelligence gathering mechanisms to be able to forestall impending attacks anywhere in the country. The group commiserated with families of the victims of the Tuesday attack and called on the Federal Government to be proactive by enhancing the capacity of the military and other security agencies to wipe out criminals in the country through manpower development, training and provision of adequate weapons and other equipment. Meanwhile, the MMWG commended the Kwara State government for the action it has taken so far on the agitation for the use of hijab in public schools. The group reaffirmed its belief that wearing of hijab is a religious duty for female Muslims. It attributed the absence of hijab controversy in Federal Government-owned schools to a circular issued about 10 years ago by the Federal Ministry of Education to the authorities of all Federal Government Colleges and Federal Government Girls Colleges across the country to allow interested female students to use the head cover. The MMWG appealed to Christians and Muslims in the state to continue to live in peace, unity and harmony. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided