FOLLOWING the admission of six Commercial Papers (CPs) valued at N22.29 billion thus far in 2021, FMDQ Securities Exchange Limited admission of the Coronation Merchant Bank’s N1.29 billion Series 11 and N2.34 billion Series 12 CP under the lender’s N100.00 billion CP Issuance Programme boosted the value on its platform. Corporate institutions have continued to explore alternative financing options by tapping the debt capital market (“DCM”) to sustain their business activities and plug capital shortfalls. Money market experts say the continuous admission of securities to FMDQ Exchange’s platform is reflective of the potential of the Nigerian DCM and the commendable level of confidence demonstrated by both issuers and investors in the market. It also validates the efficient processes and integrated systems operated by FMDQ Holdings PLC (FMDQ Group) through its wholly owned subsidiaries – FMDQ Exchange, FMDQ Clear Limited, FMDQ Depository Limited and FMDQ Private Markets Limited – and how these have sustained its uninterrupted service delivery to the market diverse stakeholders during this difficult time. A statement from the exchange explained that in line with the value proposition of FMDQ Exchange, the CP shall be availed the benefits of the value-driven quotations service on the Exchange, including global visibility through its website and systems, liquidity credible price formation and continuous information disclosure through FMDQ’s Quoted Commercial Paper Status Report (QCPSR), to protect investor interest, amongst others. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided