Former Green Eagles star, Yisa Shofoluwe, is dead. He died last night at Lagos State University Teaching Hospital at about 9.30 pm of brain-related issues. Waidi Akanni, his very close ally confirmed this to Tribune Online that the former Shooting Stars Sports Club (3SC) defender passed away at the age of 57. He won 40 caps and scored one goal for his country, and was their regular left-back between 1983 and 1988, playing at the 1984 and 1988 African Nations Cups. Akanni commended the first Vice President of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), Barrister Seyi Akinwunmi, Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare and Lagos State Government, Mr Sanwo Olu for prompt response financially towards saving his life. Waidi Akanni described him as a complete gentleman, easy going and never gotten into troubles with any players all through his football career, He may be buried at Atan Cemetery today according to Muslim rites. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Nigerians Continue To Test Positive, Die Of COVID-19 Complications ― Analysis More Nigerians have continued to test positive for COVID-19 and more deaths have been recorded from its complications, Tribune Online analysis shows. However, Nigeria recorded fewer COVID-19 infections and deaths when compared to the previous week. It also recorded increased recoveries during the same period… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances…Ex-eagles star, Yisa Sofoluwe, is dead Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Ex-eagles star, Yisa Sofoluwe, is dead SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided