Breaking yet another record, latest production from Funke Akindele’s Sceneone Films, ‘Omo Ghetto (The Saga)’ has extended its lead at the top of the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films, making well over 531 million Naira in just six weeks of its release. The movie was released on Christmas day, December 25, 2020 and has, since, been receiving great compliments from movie lovers and is still enjoying massive viewing in cinemas across the globe. Funke’s Omo Ghetto (The Saga) has overtaken Kemi Adetiba’s-directed ‘Wedding Party’ which has held the number one spot since its premiere in 2017, grossing 453 million Naira. As at the time of filling this report, below is the list of top 10 highest-grossing Nigerian films of all time and how much they have made so far. Omo Ghetto: The Saga also known as Omo Ghetto 2, is a 2020 Nigerian gangster comedy film co-directed by Funke Akindele and JJC Skillz. The film stars Funke Akindele, Chioma Akpota, Nancy Isime and Eniola Badmus in the lead roles. This was the second film in the Omo Ghetto franchise and it was also the sequel to the 2010 trilogy film Omo Ghetto. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!