MANAGING Director, Nigerian Incentive-Based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending, (NIRSAL) Mr. Aliyu Abdulhameed  disclosed that the company aggregated 3,000 cooperatives, 500,000 in less than 1 year on about 800,000 hectares of farm land. He said NIRSAL also facilitated over N148 billion in finance and investments for agriculture and agribusiness in the last one year. According to him, “In the course of the last 13 months, we facilitated the flow of over N30billion into agricultural value chains from commercial banks and other sources. “Even though our operations suffered a stall during the lockdown of 2020, our technological depth gave us a pathway to return to work while remaining safe and socially-distanced. “As you know, it was important to continue, even increase, food and raw materials production as the pandemic bit harder. “As enablers of actors in the agricultural value chain, we remained operational for those who were allowed by the Federal Government to move around for the purpose of producing food and rendering essential services in the society. “By remaining operational, our numbers grew: As at Q4 2020, we had achieved the following: Facilitated over N148 billion in finance and investments for agriculture and agribusiness; and enrolled 1.4 million persons onto innovative insurance products designed by NIRSAL in collaboration with a consortium of agricultural insurance underwriters.” He explained that although NIRSAL is a wholly owned company of Central Bank of Nigeria, that the organization had grown its balance sheet to N140 billion, equity by 1,415 per cent and total assets by 87 per cent through prudent management of its resources without making any recourse to CBN since it took off in 2016. Abdulrasheed attributed the company’s success to aggressive monitoring and remediation strategy. “We have less than one per cent default. This is made possible because we have a system in which we have Project Monitoring Reporting and Remediation Offices in all 36 states of the federation and Abuja. “What they officers do is to closely monitor the progress of the beneficiaries of the facilities to ensure that they projects, succeed. “We are no like banks that would give loans and then sit in their offices, waiting for the customers to repay the loans at the end of their businesses. Our officers go to the farms and monitor the progress of the activities. “By doing so, they can easily identify any problem that may arise and address it before it can take a toll on the business. If a poultry farm is meant to produce a particular number of egg, for instance, if the number of eggs is less, the officer will meet the farmer and ask such questions as: why are the birds not laying the number of eggs expected of them? Are they well fed? “Are the birds dying? Are they properly vaccinated? These officers report daily.” He explained that NIRSAL has been undertaking a revolution in the nation’s rural economy, by attracting private capital into the agricultural sector, as well as, agri-business. He said that if the rural economy was rich, rural dwellers would make enough money to live comfortable lives. It would reduce rural-urban migration and the pressure on cities would be less; while banditry, kidnapping on the highways and other forms of criminality would reduce to the barest minimum. Aside creating employment and wealth, the NIRSAL boss declared that massive agriculture would reduce the menace of of insecurity because there would no longer be hiding places. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… | police helicopter to Oyo | police helicopter to Oyo | police helicopter to Oyo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!