THE Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN), Lagos State Area Unit, has commiserated with the Jakande family, the Lagos State government and Nigerians on the death of the first civilian governor of Lagos State and former Minister for Works and Housing, Alhaji Lateef Jakande. A statement signed by Malam Nurudeen  Yousuph (Amir), AbdulRaheem Jenmi (General Secretary) and Mahfuz Alabidun (Public Relations Officer) said Alhaji Jakande left an indelible mark as the man that laid the foundation for the modern Lagos State through the numerous infrastructural projects he executed as the state’s helmsman between 1979 and 1983. The statement said: “Alhaji Lateef Jakande was indeed a selfless leader who used his position to bring good governance to the majority of the people of Lagos State with various affordable health, education, housing, water and transportation projects, many of which are still existing today. “Notable among Alhaji’s numerous interventions and policies in the education sector are the construction of numerous blocks in primary and secondary schools across the state, the implementation of the free education policy and the establishment of the Lagos State University. “It is also worthy to note that Alhaji Jakande introduced Arabic and Islamic Studies into the Lagos State primary and secondary school syllabus which is indeed a thing of pride. “That Alhaji lived a fulfilling and highly impactful life is incontestable as his legacies will live on.” “We pray Almighty Allah to grant him Aljanah Firdaus and grant the family and Nigeria the fortitude to bear the loss.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided