MTN Nigeria has commenced partnership with global social networking giant, Facebook to deliver digital marketing training to SMEs under MTN’s first accelerator programme, Y’ello 200. The accelerator programme is a culmination of The Revv Programme, an initiative by MTN launched in August last year, to mitigate the effects of COVID-19 on Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs). Using a four-pronged approach that includes masterclasses, access to market, productivity tools support and advisory initiatives, The Revv Programme seeks to help SMEs relearn, rethink and retool their businesses for growth in the emerging digital economy. The digital marketing training by Facebook is the initial phase of the accelerator programme and will run for six weeks. Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Revv masterclasses, Modupe Kadri, Chief Financial Officer, MTN Nigeria, explained the company’s goal is to ensure digital inclusion for all the businesses that are part of the Y’ello 200. “This entails making sure that these businesses are present and active on all the relevant digital platforms, making them visible and digitally accessible,” Kadri added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!