The judge in Court 4 of  the Oyo State High Court, Ibadan, Justice Rachael Boyede Akintola, has awarded a sum of N150,000 as damages and costs against a former Divisional Police Officer (DPO), Iyaganku, Ibadan, CSP Alex Gwazah,  for infringing on rights of a fashion designer, Lukman Adeniyi. Delivering the judgement on Tuesday, Justice Akintola ruled that the act of the first respondent was unlawful in respect of the things he did to the applicant. Lukman Adeniyi  had taken the matter to  the High  Court in December 2020 to enforce his fundamental human rights, after he was discharged by the magistrates’ court he was initially charged to. The High Court awarded N50,000 as damages against the first respondent, while N100,000 was awarded in favour of the applicant. In an affidavit sworn to by the applicant, the former DPO was named as the first respondent and the state commissioner of police was the second respondent. In the affidavit, Adeniyi narrated how he was contacted by the DPO to sew clothes for him, but ended up being physically assaulted, detained in the cell and arraigned in court over accusation that he damaged his clothes. He added that the charge was eventually struck off by a magistrate, Mrs Olajumoke Akande, sitting over Court 8, at Iyaganku Magistrates’ Court, for want of diligent prosecution. This, the applicant said, was because the first respondent failed to attend court proceedings the two times the matter came up for hearing. Adeniyi also pointed out in the affidavit that Gwazah failed to pay him his professional fee of N60,000, which he legitimately earned through mutual agreement, despite several demands. He stated that since the matter was struck off the magistrates’ court’s list, he had been receiving threats from the first respondent on his rearrest and being dealt with, unless he dropped his demand for payment of the professional fee. This, Adeniyi said, had made him to abandon his workplace at Oke Bola area of Ibadan. He added that the second respondent had refused to take any step on the matter, despite his writing a letter of complaint through his lawyer. But there was no award of damages against the second respondent. The judge ruled that the second respondent could not be vicariously liable to act on the first respondent, saying that all the first respondent did were of his own volition. Nigerian Tribune learnt that after the furore raised over the initial arraignment of the fashion designer, Gwazah was redeployed from Iyaganku division to Quick Intervention Unit as the head.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances…Senate screens service chiefs designate Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided