Armed men have attacked Government Science College Kagara in Rafi Local government area of Niger State, Channels Television reported on Wednesday. At least one student was feared killed and several other students abducted. Some teachers and their family members residing within the college staff quarters were also said to have been abducted by the gunmen. A government source who pleaded anonymity disclosed this to Channels Television via telephone conversation in the early hours of Wednesday. According to the source, the attackers were said to have stormed Government Science College Kagara at about 2:00 a.m. on Wednesday and started shooting sporadically. In the process, a student was killed while some others sustained gunshot injuries. The source could not, however, give the number of persons abducted and those injured as at the time of filing the report The source further added that the gunmen were dressed in the same school uniform used by the students, disguising to be members of the school. The latest attack comes barely three days after gunmen attacked a bus belonging to the Niger State Transport Authority (NSTA) along Minna-Zungeru Road and abducted at least 21 passengers. The state governor, Abubakar Bello had condemned the abduction, promising to secure the release of the passengers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided