STAKEHOLDERS across the country’s aviation sector have canvassed for the adoption of SHELL Model (Software, Hardware, Environment, Liveware) to mitigate air accidents and serious incidents. This is just as the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) has been called upon to improve communication equipment between pilots, control towers and ground to ground communication. Arising from a recent conference organized by the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) on ‘Prevention of human factors in air accident occurrences’ in Lagos, participants at the conference aired their views on how safety can be enhanced in the Nigerian aviation industry. While agreeing that it was important to ensure a reduction in air accidents in Nigeria, especially those that have to do with human factors, participants described training and retraining as a major factor to mitigate air accidents and serious incidents in the sector. Stakeholders at the gathering also charged the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) to increase unscheduled inspection on aircraft and technical personnel especially at the airside while airline operators were advised to strictly adhere to the quality assurance system for better productivity and safety environment. Emphasis was put on the need to ensure a reduction in air accidents in Nigeria especially those that have to do with human factors with key players lauding the AIB for contributing to a reduction in air accidents and serious incidents in Nigeria through implementable safety recommendations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!