As part of the efforts to make the 40th ordination anniversary as the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adejare  Adeboye has helped to upgrade the standard of  healthcare delivery in Ogun State and its environ with the dedication of a Kidney Dialysis Centre. The church, through its Christian Social Responsibility arm, His Love Foundation (HLF), on Thursday, accompanied top officials of the church as well as the Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun’s representatives, Senior Special Assistant on Health, Dr Ololade Kehinde and others to the dedication of the centre,  at the Pastor Enoch And Folu Adeboye Intensive Care Unit, Health Centre, Redemption Camp, Mowe, Ogun State. The Ogun State governor’s SSA on Health, Dr Kehinde, also commended the church on its consistent effort in boosting the healthcare sector in the state and the country at large. “The church has done well in supporting Nigerians, especially those with kidney problem, because many cannot afford the cost. RCCG has done a great job in helping humanity through the provision of kidney dialysis centre. The support of the church to government is duly recognised,” he added. Speaking on behalf of the Adeboye, Continental Overseer Africa 1 and National Overseer (Nigeria), Pastor Joseph Obayemi, appreciated the commitment of His Love Foundation team lead by Special Assistant to the G.O on CSR, Pastor Idowu Iluyomade, for making the dream a reality, just as he noted that the RCCG is committed to impacting lives through the word of God and qualitative healthcare service delivery. Iluyomade said: “The RCCG, through its CSR arm has been very concerned about the loss of lives due to inadequate healthcare facilities in the country which makes Nigerians spend over $3billion annually on health-tourism seeking a state-of-the- art health facilities in countries like India and the UAE. It is our belief that with the commissioning of this kidney dialysis centre is in addition to several other projects executed over the years in the areas of education, skills acquisition and free feeding of millions of people.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!