Russia on Thursday lowered the price of its Sputnik V coronavirus vaccine to 866 rubles (about 12 dollars), or half of the original price. The jab, which consists of two components, was on the list of vital medicines, so the price had to be controlled by the state, the government said in a statement. “The price cut was made possible because of the development and optimisation of the industrial production of the vaccine,” Trade Minister Denis Manturov said. In addition, production quantities had been significantly ramped up with the start of mass vaccination in Russia, another reason why Sputnik V had become cheaper to produce, he said. However, the new price only applied to the vaccination programme in Russia, Manturov said. Sputnik V was approved by Russian authorities in August, the first coronavirus vaccine to be certified worldwide, although important phase-three trials had not been concluded yet. This sparked international criticism. Russia has also registered the jab in 36 other countries, according to the Russian Direct Investment Fund. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided