A former Governor of Ogun State, Senator Ibikunle Amosun has said that Nigerian politicians are still struggling to catch up with the legacies of Chief Obafemi Awolowo, Alhaji Lateef Jakande and a host of others. Amosun advised fellow politicians and himself to emulate what the great leaders had done even while trying to do their best. “It is just to emulate what he did. All of us are still struggling to catch up with what Baba Awolowo did, what Jakande did and what all these Surdannas and everybody did. “We should continue to do our bit. These are leading lights, there are examples that we should all follow,” Amosun said. Meanwhile, he described the life of the late Alhaji Lateef Jakande as well spent, devoted to humanity and incorruptible. “It was a life well -spent, a life that is lived for others. A life that is practically devoted to serving the masses. “He was an incorruptible leader. He left very huge legacies, indelible legacies. He left his marks and footprints on the sand of time. “So, what he did is still unprecedented and generation yet unborn will meet it and emulate,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!