The US Mission in Nigeria has congratulated a Nigerian, Enoh Ebong, who is one of the recent appointees into US President Joe Biden’s administration. Ebong was appointed as the Acting Director of US Trade and Development Agency. In a Facebook post, the Mission stated: “Kudos to Enoh Ebong on her appointment as the Acting Director of the US Trade and Development Agency. She returns to the agency where she worked for 15 years in a variety of roles. Congratulations!” Enoh Ebong was appointed as the Acting Director of the U.S. Trade and Development Agency. She graduated from the University of Michigan Law School and the University of Pennsylvania. Prior to her appointment, she served as the agency’s General Counsel and Deputy Director and Chief Operating Officer. Her new job is to lead all aspects of the agency in fostering economic growth in emerging economies while supporting US jobs. Enoh grew up in Lagos before migrating to the US. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided