No fewer than four persons were killed and 28 houses burnt in Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State by gunmen suspected to killer herdsmen on a rampage in the council area. A source close to the local government told Tribune Online that the gunmen suspected to be killer Fulani herdsmen in the early hour of Monday ambushed and killed three natives of Irigwe ethnic extraction on their way home from Ri-bakwa to Rikwe-Chongu area. According to the source, the gunmen shot at them at a close range while two other persons escaped with gunshots wound adding that the marauders also set houses and foodstuffs barns on fire before they disappeared. Those killed are Ezekiel Maja 29 years, Emmanuel Agaba, 30 years; and Moses Daburu, 26 years while Mr Bitrus Ezeh, 42 years and one other sustained fatal injuries and presently on admission at Enos hospital Maiyago. Also, another young man identified as Kefas Bulus David, aged 31 from Ntireku village in the same local government was also ambushed and killed by the gunmen. Tribune Online further learnt that the gunmen had earlier attacked Zirshe village of Kwall District in Bassa Local Government of Plateau State on Sunday where several houses and farms were set on fire leaving the inhabitants to run helter-skelter. ALSO READ: We’ll not sit, watch some people destroy Nigeria —Defence minister However, the Senator representing Plateau South, Senator Istifanus Gyang, has condemned the frequent attack on the innocent people of Bassa local government area by gunmen adding that the latest attack on Rikwechongu and Zirshe villages of Irigwe Chiefdom between Sunday night and early hours of Monday by killer herdsmen resulting in the death of four young men, burning of houses and food barns was barbaric. The Senator in a statement signed by his Special Assistant, Media and Protocol Musa Ashom noted with concern and dismay that while all effort was focussed on rebuilding peace and reconciling people of Plateau North, there were still persons whose preoccupation was violence and bloodletting. Senator Gyang, therefore, urged the government and the security agencies who have the mandatory constitutional responsibility of securing lives and property to secure and protect law-abiding citizens and communities of Plateau North and bring the culprits to justice. As at the time of filing this report all efforts to get the State Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Gabriel Ubah Ogabah, proved abortive. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!