The Nigeria Police has arraigned three siblings before an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court for alleged property fraud of about five million naira. The three siblings are Ehidiame Airebun, Felix Airebun, and Sarah Akande, are facing a four-count charge bordering on conspiracy, burglary, obtaining money under false pretences, and theft. The defendants, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The Prosecutor, ASP Ezekiel Ayorinde, told the court that the defendants committed the offences in August 2020 at Abule-Egba, Lagos. He said that the defendants fraudulently obtained the said sum from Mr Adeyemi Moshood with the pretext of selling to him a one-story building at lintel level, the property of the late Mr Imafidon Airebun. “When the complainant later got to the house to take possession, he was denied access and efforts to retrieve his money proved unsuccessful.” Ayorinde said that the defendants also unlawfully broke into the house of the late Airebun and stole his house document. “The defendants burgled the dwelling house of the deceased and carted away his house document. They also exhumed the body of the deceased without the consent of his family members and took the corpse to an unknown destination.” “The case was reported and the defendants were arrested.” The prosecutor noted that the offences violate sections 287, 307, 314, 411 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. Section 314 stipulates 15 years’ imprisonment for obtaining money under false pretence while section 307 attracts seven years for housebreaking. Magistrate Mrs O. A. Layinka granted the defendants bail in the sum of N2 million each with two sureties each in like sum. She ordered that the sureties should be gainfully employed and show evidence of two years’ tax payment to the Lagos State Government. She adjourned the case until May 25. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 100 Nigerians Die Of COVID-19 Complications In Seven Days Last week, Nigeria recorded 100 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest since the beginning of the second wave, Tribune Online analysis reveals. The data also showed that the tally of 100 deaths last week shows there is a sharp increase when compared to the 69 deaths recorded in the previous week…Three siblings arraigned over alleged N5m fraud SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided