The International Labour Organization (ILO) has declared that the engagement of trade unions is very key for the implementation of the United Nations (UN) reforms and achieving progress in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The Director of the ILO’s Bureau for Workers’ Activities (ACTRAV), Maria Helena Andre, made this known on the occasion of the launch of two ACTRAV flagship publications for trade unions. She pointed out that the ILO launched the two publications for trade unions because the UN reforms and SDGs are both very important for trade unions, adding that the two publications are with important and interlinked messages for trade union actions. The first publication, according to Helena Andre is one of their flagship publications titled ‘United Nations Sustainable Development Cooperation and Decent Work Agenda: A trade union reference manual’; while the second is the ‘ILO Centenary Declaration for the Future of Work’. According to her, the ‘ILO Centenary Declaration for the Future of Work’ stresses the importance of multilateralism and the need for the office to play its role in ensuring policy coherence within the multilateral system. She said: “It is therefore in line with this mandate that the publication is aimed at expanding the knowledge base of workers on the interlinkages between UN Cooperation Frameworks, Agenda 2030/SDGs and the Decent Work Agenda. “Workers’ organizations should be more active in the UN sustainable development processes, emphasize their experiences, their perspectives in relation to the economy, employment and jobs, social protection, social dialogue and collective bargaining, occupational safety and health as well as on working conditions in general. “UN reforms, or rather the ongoing UN Cooperation Framework processes, are there to accelerate the implementation of Agenda 2030, ensuring that no one is left behind and that includes workers and their organizations. “At the same time, trade unions must be proactive by arming themselves with the necessary knowledge and tools for influencing the formulation, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of the UN Cooperation Frameworks. She pointed out that the ILO will continue to support their efforts of bringing the voice of workers to the centre of sustainable development Agenda 2030/SDGs. On the expectation of ILO, she stated that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the time to work together in accelerating a more inclusive sustainable development world is now. She said the ILO’s Bureau for Workers’ Activities (ACTRAV) shall continue to work hand in glove with the workers’ organisations and with the rest of the ILO office at the headquarters as well as at regional and national levels to promote the consultation and active participation of trade unions and workers’ organizations in shaping the formulation and implementation of the UN Cooperation Framework processes at the national levels. She explained further that ACTRAV would encourage and guide workers’ organizations to prepare and participate more strongly in Agenda 2030/SDG processes so as to address the social and economic challenges that have afflicted economies and workers even before this ongoing global pandemic. SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is the most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Alleged fraud: Arraignment of former Aviation Minister, Stella Oduah, stalled Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided