Over 200 rounds of ammunition and other weapons have been discovered in a building in Bauchi State. The ammunition and weapons were discovered in a four-bedroom building located in Anguwan Mahaukata within Bauchi metropolis, an area noted for its notoriety in harbouring dangerous boys popularly called ‘Sara-Suka’. The state government immediately ordered for the demolition of the building while the ammunition and other weapons discovered have been evacuated by security agencies. When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, SP Ahmed Wakili, said that as of the time of this report, he did not have the full details of the situation but confirmed that the ammunition was discovered in the building. He however promised to make the information available to the press as soon as possible.    YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 100 Nigerians Die Of COVID-19 Complications In Seven Days Last week, Nigeria recorded 100 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest since the beginning of the second wave, Tribune Online analysis reveals. The data also showed that the tally of 100 deaths last week shows there is a sharp increase when compared to the 69 deaths recorded in the previous week… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Bauch govt orders demolition of building where over 200 rounds of ammunition, other weapons were discovered Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Bauch govt orders demolition of building where over 200 rounds of ammunition, other weapons were discovered SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided