Traders at Oja-Oba market in Ikirun of Ifelodun Local Government Area of Osun State on Saturday wept profusely following the outbreak of fire incident that razed down the market. The fire which destroyed property worth billions of naira in the market left residents of the area running helter-skelter to escape being victims of the fire incident. However, efforts made by people at the scene of the incident to get across to firefighters in Ikirun and Osogbo proved abortive as the latter’s cell phones were said to be unreachable. According to an eyewitness account, “the fire could not be quenched for several hours as efforts to reach the state fire services yielded no positive result by those who first put calls across to them.” Meanwhile, a man who identified himself as Mr Adelakun Alabi told Tribune Online that the Public Relations Officer (PRO), Osun Fire Service, Mrs Adijat Basirat, was later contacted but the fire had destroyed many properties before their arrival at the scene. Speaking on the fire incident, the Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs Yemisi Opalola said immediately their command was contacted on the incident, the police swung into action to avoid looting in the market. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided