The China Civil Engineering Construction Company (CCECC), the contractor handling the construction of Lagos-Ibadan rail line, said it has linked the tracks to Apapa port in Lagos to the national line. The construction company said in a tweet recently that the connection was achieved on January 25 “with the successful pouring of the last 25-meter monolithic track bed superstructure of Apapa Port Break Bulk Line. “The Apapa Port Spur Line of Lagos-Ibadan Railway starts from the Mobolaji Johnson Station, Ebute Metta and extends southward to Apapa Port, with a total length of 8.72km. As a crucial channel linking the main line of the Lagos-Ibadan railway to the port, it has become an important transportation passage for the import and export of goods. “CCECC worked around the clock, whilst ensuring pandemic prevention and control, and finally completed construction of two culverts, nine groups of switch laying, 2.2km of ballasted track laying, and pouring of the 793m monolithic track bed within one month, demonstrating the ‘CCECC speed’ and the responsibility of CCECC constructors,” the contractor said. The linking of the 156km Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge rail line to Apapa is expected to ease traffic congestion on the port access road. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!