THE Obafemi Awolowo University Muslim Graduates Association (UNIFEMGA) will be honouring 25 of its members at its 2021 Honours Day on Saturday, March 6, for their achievements and contributions to the development of the association. A statement by the National Public Relations Officer, Dr Shamsideen Adenopo, said the 11th in the series of the Honours Day would hold simultaneously in five states of Kwara, Oyo, Osun, Lagos and Ogun as well as the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja through the physical and virtual hybrid system. The statement said the topic chosen for the event is ‘Diabolic Conspiracy of Nigerian Elites in Fostering Insecurity and Poverty in Nigeria: The way out’. It said the deputy vice-chancellor of Al-Hikmah University, Ilorin, Professor Abdullateef Oladimeji, would deliver the lecture, while former Grand Khadi, Kwara State Sharia Court of Appeal, Justice AbdulMuttalib Ahmad (retd), would chair the occasion. Speaking on the uniqueness of the event, the new national president of UNIFEMGA, Alhaji Abdulfattah Olanlege, said the carefully selected honorees had distinguished themselves in various fields of human endeavour. Olanlege said that the hitherto two-day event was reduced to one day due to the COVID-19 pandemic hence the adoption of both physical and virtual modes and the decentralisation of the centres for easy participation of all members in Nigeria and in the Diaspora. Since the maiden edition of the National Honours’ Day in 2011, 145 members have so far been honoured for their landmark achievements. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided