All is now set for a collaboration between the Kano State Government and the National Biotechnology Agency (NABDA) for the development of grazing areas for herdsmen in the state. The state governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, during a visit to NABDA headquarters in Abuja recently, expressed displeasure over the lingering spate of farmers-herders clashes, stating that the collaboration would help the state avert continuous violence. NABDA was established under the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology to implement policies aimed at promoting, coordinating, and setting research and development priority in biotechnology for the country Ganduje, noted that the state will convert one of its forests to a reserve settlement to drive the project and ensure that herdsmen settle in a place to feed their cattle. With the deployment of biotechnology and the availability of varieties of fodder produced by NABDA, livestock business in the state will become more profitable, he assured. “This will enhance the productivity of these cattle, enabling them to reproduce at a shorter time and frame better and healthier offspring,” Ganduje said. The governor also disclosed that the state had started developing the Bioresource Development Centres (BIODEC) established by the agency (NABDA) to facilitate the socio-economic development of the state. BIODEC was initiated to achieve the nationwide application of modern biotechnology tools in bio-prospecting and development of the abundant natural resources for use in agriculture, health, environment and industry. “We are building many houses, veterinary clinics, schools, markets among others that will contribute to the social life of Nigerians,’’ he said adding that with the facilities in place, parents would take advantage to educate their wards to become professionals. This, Ganduje added, would contribute to nation-building and go a long way to reduce herder-farmer conflicts.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!