THE Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR), Lagos Chapter,  has expressed delight at the recent decision of  the Board of the World Trade Organisation to  appoint Nigeria’s Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, as its Director-General. Commending the organization on the appointment, the Chairman of the chapter, Mr. Segun McMedal, in a statement,  described it as heartwarming that a person of impeccable character, with an impressive career trajectory will pilot the affairs of global trade from March 1, 2021. “We feel a personal sense of victory at the Institute that the best candidate emerged. Recall that at the early stage of the race, Dr. Okonjo-Iweala had mentioned that she didn’t have the resources to hire a PR firm to handle her aspiration to the exalted office. “Following this, she received a lot of PR support on the account of her impeccable record and achievements in the academics and public service which has earned her immense goodwill. A lot of Nigerians joined the fray in promoting one of our own. In essence, many people became her publicists and strategists. It was a clear case of earned PR,” he stated. He added, with the appointment,  the nation’s former finance minister had once again put Nigeria on the world stage. “The Nigerian Institute of Public Relations has waited for this moment with bated breath because of the many hurdles she had to surmount before reaching the finish line. Her appointment is for the good of the world as she brings a wealth of experience, network and goodwill to the office,” the Lagos NIPR Chairman stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided