Security agencies have reported that armed bandits razed the building of the Holy Family Catholic Church, and two homes, in Kikwari village, Kajuru Local Government Area. According to a statement issued by the commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, on Sunday, said the locals fled the area on receiving information that some bandits were sighted outside the village. “On getting to the location, the armed bandits set ablaze the place of worship and the two houses. “Receiving the report, Governor El-Rufai commiserated with the community and condemned the setting ablaze of the place of worship and two houses by armed bandits. “The Governor empathised with the church and assured them that the government under his watch would continue to work hard in the fight against banditry and other crimes.” He charged worshippers to remain strong in their faith and devotion, and see it as an act perpetrated by enemies of peace, humanity and diversity who will not succeed but will be defeated by the grace of God. The Governor has directed the Kaduna State Emergency Management Agency to urgently assess the damage done and take appropriate action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 100 Nigerians Die Of COVID-19 Complications In Seven Days Last week, Nigeria recorded 100 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest since the beginning of the second wave, Tribune Online analysis reveals. The data also showed that the tally of 100 deaths last week shows there is a sharp increase when compared to the 69 deaths recorded in the previous week… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances…Bandits raze church, two houses in Kaduna SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided