Bayelsa State Command of the Nigerian Police has arrested a 26-year-old male, Promise Olive, for allegedly slapping his 17-year-old girlfriend, Esther Uko, to death over a minor quarrel. Briefing newsmen at the command headquarters in Yenagoa, Commissioner for Police, Mr Mike Okoli, said that Esther slumped and died instantly after receiving two slaps from her boyfriend. Although the police are yet to reveal what led to the quarrel, sources hinted Nigerian Tribune that the lovebirds had the quarrel over suspicion that Esther was having an affair with another man. Also arrested and paraded is one Mr Ineong Maffat, who allegedly conspired with his gang members to rob one Mr Ngene Chinedu of his company’s Toyota Corolla car loaded with pharmaceutical drugs worth N650,000 along the Sani Abacha Expressway, Yenagoa. According to CP Okoli, an investigation by a team led by Operation Puff Adder led to the arrest of the suspect at a hotel in Uyo. Similarly, the command also paraded one Ebiere Ezekiel, a 28-year-old, for allegedly stabbing  21-year-old Godgift Aboh with a knife on his chest, killing him during a fight at their residence at Obele in Yenagoa. The police commissioner said the command also arrested one Gigi Christopher, Kingsley Okulolo, Godbless Raymond and Vivian Christopher for alleged burglary and stealing at a shop in Amarata. Items recovered from all the suspects paraded include one locally made single barrel gun, one Sumec Firman generator, one Elepaq generator, 43 inch LG TV, 32 inch LG led TV, a 24 inch LG TV and an invoice. Mr Okoli who said the suspects have confessed to the crime appealed to members of the public to continue to support the police with useful information to reduce crime in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided