Oyo State governor, Mr Seyi Makinde, has declared that his government will not relent until the criminals responsible for security breaches in Ibarapa, especially killers of Dr Fatai Aborode and others, are found and dealt with, while also restating that his plan to take the state from poverty to prosperity is on course. The governor, who was speaking during a special live programme aired by the network service of the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS), “The Governor Explains,” on Saturday said also that efforts and programmes of the government to develop the state are on course and progressing steadily. According to Makinde, his administration “remains determined to go after criminal elements responsible for the recent security challenges in Ibarapaland, especially the killing of residents including Dr. Fatai Aborode,” disclosing that his insistence on thorough investigation of the killing of the late politician “has begun to yield results, as the police are already interrogating some individuals related to the incident.” He warned residents of the state not to pigeon-hole or profile any ethnic nationality as enemies, for, according to him, the enemies of the state are criminals and bandits of all tribes. Makinde, who spoke on his stewardship three months to his second anniversary, said that in line with his administration’s commitment to focus on education, security, health and economic expansion through agribusiness, all the projects being carried out by his administration have been target-driven and are capable of impacting positively on the state. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, also quoted the governor as indicating that his administration is taking deliberate measures to reduce the trust deficit between government and the people. Governor Makinde, who reiterated his commitment to being honest with the people of the state, said that his administration was going out of its way to rebuild the trust between the people and the government. He said: “I may not be right all the time; it is only God that knows all things. But I have always said that I will always be honest with the people of Oyo State. If we do anything that you are not satisfied with, please tell us, because you all put the government in place. We will make amends. “People can go through all my promises now and during the electioneering period; we have not made empty promises and we do not play politics with development.” According to the governor, several projects embarked upon by the administration across the four major sectors of focus including security, education, health and economic expansion, have been progressing at encouraging pace explaining that some of them will be completed in time ahead of the second anniversary of the government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided