The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has named internet celebrity, Ismail Mustapha, alias Mompha, in its amended N157.1million fraud charge filed against an auto dealer, Sarumi Babafemi, alias 606. It would be recalled that Mompha had since November 25, 2019, been facing a separate 14-count N32.9 billion money laundering charge before Justice Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court (FHC) in Lagos. While Babafemi is the Chief Executive Officer of 606 Autos Ltd; 606 Music Ltd and Splash Off Entertainment Ltd. He and his firms have since November 1, 2019, been on trial a five-count charge before Justice Chuka Obiozor of the FHC for allegedly laundering N207.1million. Babafemi was accused by the EFCC of being an agent of fraud suspects named by the United State’s Federal Investigation Bureau (FBI), an allegation he denied. But, on Monday, the EFCC brought an amended nine-count charge of January 22, 2021, against Babafemi, Mompha and two others, before Justice Chukwujeku Aneke. The beneficiaries of the said funds are; Omojadesola Shittu Allison; Olandewaju Oriyomi; Abiola Kayode Ayorinde; Bartholomew Oluchukwu Ezeudoka and Amobi Uchenna E., who were said to have received the sums of N37.6 million; N93 million; N1.5 million and N25 million respectively. Babafemi and his firms were also accused of concealing and disguising the origins of the funds he allegedly laundered for Mompha and others. The offences, according to the EFCC, contravened sections 15(2)(b) and 15(3)(a) and were punishable under section 15(3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act, 2011 (as amended). YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded Slight Reduction In COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. This reduction doesn’t mean the country is close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic. ICYMI: Biden Sworn In As 46th US President Joe Biden has been sworn in as the President of the United States. He did so at exactly 5:48 pm Nigerian time. Biden is the 46th president of the United States. The oath was administered by Justice John G. Roberts, Jr… Again, Mompha named in alleged N157.1m fraud charge SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!