Yet again, a mobile policeman guarding a popular business centre along Airport Road, Warri, Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State, was on Thursday afternoon, killed in cold blood. Not done, the assailants, suspected to be armed robbers, equally made away with the service rifle of the deceased police officer. Earlier, the bandits were said to have stormed a furniture workshop located opposite Edjeba junction in the heart of Warri with no further details of their activity at the factory. The manager of the furniture workshop declined comments when approached by journalists after the invasion. Speaking on the Thursday onslaught, a source said: “The gunmen went to a furniture shop. They shot dead a yet-to-be identified police officer, on Thursday. “We don’t know if they collected anything like money from them. The deceased (mobile police officer) died instantly.” Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Police Command, SP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who confirmed Thursday’s incident, said, “a police officer was shot dead, but we don’t have the details yet.” Onslaught on policemen by assailants in the state has upped in recent times with the killing of two operatives of the Operation Delta Safe (OPS) around Asaba as well as last Sunday’s killing of another mobile policeman who was on escort duty in a Church at Otor-Ogor community, near Ughelli with his service rifle taken away. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Another mobile police killed  Another mobile police killed 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Another mobile police killed  Another mobile police killed NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided