Managing Director TSTV, Dr Bright Echefo has said many Nigerians are forced to subscribe to the highest bouquet on other pay TV platforms because few channels of their choice have been strategically listed in the highest bouquet. He added that Nigerians can now watch local and international television stations of their choices with the price per channel as low as one or two naira. Echefo, who announced this in Abuja on Wednesday, said Nigerians also have the liberty to decide their own bouquet as against other pay TVs in the market that have fixed channels in a bouquet. He said many Nigerians are forced to subscribe to the highest bouquet on other pay TV platforms because few channels of their choice have been strategically listed in the highest bouquet. Bright said subscribers to TSTv also enjoy the liberty of pay as you go by pausing their subscription for any period of time they will be away from their homes. He said the platform is bringing dynamism into the Paytv subscription with consideration of the economic reality amongst Nigerians. Bright who said the industry poses a lot of challenges said the TSTv will navigate them to continue to provide Nigerians with high definition visuals that would enhance home entertainment experience. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!