A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bisoye Fagade, has said that the revalidation excercise of the party will boost party membership and place it on the path of victory in 2023. Fagade disclosed this while speaking with journalists after revalidating his membership of the party at his ward in Lagelu Local Government Area of Oyo State. According to him, the excercise is the best thing that is happening to the party in recent time. He said that the party needs rejuvenation adding that “right now we are registering new people who have not been registered with the party before. It’s a way for the party to boost its membership.” “I am grateful to God that I am able to do the registration today. I can say I am a member of APC and I will enjoin everybody to do the same. “You can’t question what you are not part of, you can only ask questions on what you are part of and this is the structure,” he said. While expressing his satisfaction on the excercise so far, Fagade said, “the participation is amazing, in my ward alone, we have done over 100 in one day and today is the first day.” He however harped on the need for party members to unite. He said “We need to do what is supposed to be done before we can claim victory but we are on the part of victory, we need to come together, remain together to make sure that we channel our efforts to make sure that we have a better nation.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided