Anambra State Government has extolled the launch of Nigeria’s latest scheduled air carrier, United Nigeria Airlines, headed by Dr Obiora Okonkwo. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the inaugural flight took off from the domestic wing of the Murtala Muhammed Airport Lagos, and landed at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu, Enugu State. A statement signed by the State Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment, Mr C. Don Adinuba commended Dr Okonkwo for following the footsteps of another great ambassador of Anambra State, Chief Allen Onyema of Air Peace Airlines, despite the current turbulent state of the global airline business. The release expressed confidence that United Nigeria Airlines will take the aviation industry by storm, as Air Peace has done, especially with regard to the safety record, schedule integrity and quality ground and inflight services. It, however, advised Dr Okonkwo to consider making Anambra Airport the headquarters of his United Nigeria Airlines operations rather than Lagos, Abuja or any other place. According to the release, Chief Onyema is committed to building a hanger at the Anambra International Cargo Airport still under construction. It explained that the hanger will encourage a lot of local and international carriers to bring their equipment to the airport for maintenance and repairs. The release promised the willingness of the Anambra State Government and its residents to work with it to achieve its goal. It was gathered that Dr Okonkwo, who is a chieftain of the PDP and governorship aspirant under the in the 2021 Anambra guber election and the Sosoliso chairman, Late Chief Victor Ikwuemesi hail from Ogidi, Idemmili North Local Government Area of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided