The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Pantami, has expressed satifaction that the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) sector has recorded the highest growth rate out of all the sectors of the Nigerian economy. Pantami said this was based on the fourth quarter of 2020 (Q4 2020) and the entire year 2020 report on Nigeria’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) released last week by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS). This was made known by Dr Femi Adeluyi, Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to the Minister, in Abuja late last week. According to him, the NBS Nigeria’s GDP grew by 0.11 per cent (year-on-year) in real terms in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing the first positive quarterly growth in the last three quarters. “This indicates that we have strongly exited recession. In real terms, the non-oil sector contributed 94.13 per cent to the nation’s GDP in Q4 2020 as opposed to the 5.87 per cent contributed to total real GDP by the oil sector. “It is noteworthy that the ICT sector grew by 14.70 per cent in Q4 2020, making it the fastest growing sector of the Nigerian economy in the last quarter and the only sector to have grown by double digits. “The ICT sector grew at a rate more than four times the agriculture sector, which was the next fastest growing sector of Q4 2020, with a growth rate of 3.42 per cent. “The ICT sector also maintained its rapid growth rate in the overall year 2020 assessment, growing at 12.90 per cent or over three times the Water Supply, Sewerage, Waste Management and Remediation sector, which was next fastest growing sector of 2020 with a growth rate of 3.81 per cent.” The minister said that the ICT sector was the only sector with a double digit growth rate. Furthermore, he said that the telecommunications sector recorded a growth rate of 15.90 per cent, its highest growth rate in the last 10 years and this performance was unprecedented. Pantami said  the giant strides recorded in the ICT sector were a direct result of the focused and committed efforts of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. “The strategic policy directions of the Federal Government include the National Digital Economy Policy for a Digital Nigeria and the Nigerian National Broadband Plan among others. “The GDP report has shown that the ICT sector is a catalyst for the diversification and growth of our economy,” he added. He, however, urged all sectors to take advantage of the government’s new focus on the digital economy to enable and improve their processes through the use of ICT. SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is the most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Alleged fraud: Arraignment of former Aviation Minister, Stella Oduah, stalled  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided