A teenager has lifted a lid off her mother’s love affair with another man in a case his father is seeking compensation for adultery. According to  Zambia Observer, James Kangwa, 18, of Kabanana Township, Zambia, exposed recorded phone conversations in court between his mother, Annety Banda, 35, and her lover, Alick Tembo, 43. James, a Grade 12 pupil, told the court that his mother usually used his phone whenever she wanted to talk to her boyfriend, Tembo. “My mother put her SIM card in my phone to call Tembo. My phone recorded all the conversations. After listening to the conversations, I searched call settings and found one frequently dialled number which I blacklisted,” James said. He said his mother continued calling the blacklisted number whenever she asked to use his phone. He said he became suspicious and decided to find the owner of the number. In two of the conversations presented to the court, his mother Annety was heard telling Tembo that she missed him and would go to visit him when she found free time. His father, Edward Kangwa, 42, told the court that he found his wife in Tembo’s house early last month. “My wife has been waking up around 03:00 hours on the pretext that she was going to fetch water. “We have had a shortage of water for some time. So I became suspicious and decided to follow behind one day. Surprisingly she entered Tembo’s house,” Edward said.  OULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… | police helicopter to Oyo | police helicopter to Oyo | police helicopter to Oyo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided