President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has congratulated Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala on her emergence as the first African and first female Director-General of the World Trade Organization (WTO). Lawan in a statement attributed the emergence of erstwhile finance minister to the “the quiet but dogged diplomacy of Nigeria and the unwavering commitment of President Muhammadu Buhari which, no doubt, contributed to the acknowledgement of the sterling credentials of Dr Okonjo-Iweala and her ultimate triumph in the prolonged contest for the very important position. “I heartily rejoice with Dr Okonjo-Iweala on this well-deserved victory. “With her latest feat, the former Nigerian minister of finance and managing director of the World Bank has again brought honour to Nigeria, Africa and women everywhere.” The senate president advised the new DG to deploy her famed intellect, experience, energy and integrity in leading the WTO to promote global prosperity through fair trade. Lawan said, “her task has been made even more onerous by the havoc that the Covid-19 pandemic has wreaked on economies across the world.” He prayed to Almighty God to imbue her with good health and wisdom to succeed in the task. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!