A 28-year-old girl, Ebiere Ezikiel, has stabbed her 21 years old boyfriend to death over an argument involving N1,500 along the Obele area of Yenagoa Local Government Council of Bayelsa State. The accused, Ebiere Ezikiel, who is a hairdresser and have been dating the deceased, God gift Aboh for over 12 months, was reported to have stabbed him to death after being slapped for daring to ask for her missing N1,500. Miss Ezikiel, who told newsmen while being paraded along with 26 others charged with various crimes of kidnapping, murder, burglary and stealing and Vandalization of high tension wire, said she regretted stabbing her boyfriend in the stomach during the argument. The Bayelsa Commissioner for Police Mr Mike Okoli, while parading the suspects, also paraded one Iniobong Maffat who allegedly conspired with his gang members to rob one Mr Ngene Chinedu. The suspects according to Mr Okoli, allegedly robbed the victim of his company’s Toyota Corolla car loaded with pharmaceutical drugs worth six hundred and fifty thousand naira along the Sani Abacha expressway, Yenagoa. He said an investigation by a team led by Operation Puff Adder led to the arrest of the suspect at a hotel in Uyo. The Police commissioner said the command also arrested one Gigi Christopher, Kingsley Okulolo, Godbless Raymond and Vivian Christopher for alleged burglary and stealing at a shop in Amarata. Items recovered include, one locally made single barrel gun, one Sumec fireman generator, one Elepaq generator, 43 inches LG TV, 32 inches LG led TV, a 24′ inch LG TV and an invoice. Mr Okoli who said the suspects have confessed to the crime appealed to members of the public to continue to support the police with useful information to reduce crime to the barest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…28-year-old girl stabs boyfriend  28-year-old girl stabs boyfriend 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..28-year-old girl stabs boyfriend  28-year-old girl stabs boyfriend NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided