Ilorin High Court presided over by Justice Abiodun Adewara, has struck out the case challenging Kwara State government’s take over of a controversial piece of land, Ile Arugbo land. Justice Adewara of the Ilorin High Court, on Tuesday, struck out the case filed by the Sarakis for “lack of diligent prosecution.” The judge struck out the case after the appellants — Saraki’s Asa Investment Ltd — again failed to call any witnesses to support their claim that the choice land belonged to the firm said to be owned by the late Olusola Saraki. After many years of using the land locate in Ilorin to host political meetings, the government reclaimed the land from the Sarakis in December 2019 and went ahead to clear the land ahead of its use for construction of another government secretariat. The Sarakis, in turn, challenged the government’s decision by filing a court case to keep ownership of the land, claiming they have documents to prove ownership of the property. After many months of legal back-and-forth, Justice Adewara, on Tuesday, struck out the case after the claimants again failed to call their witness or tender documents to prove ownership of the land. ALSO READ: Oyo begins distribution of appointment letters to 5000 newly-recruited teachers Earlier on Monday, when the case came up for hearing, Counsel to the claimants Abdulazeez Ibrahim had told the court that a joinder to the case Alhaji Sanusi Babaeleku has suddenly died, leading to the court striking out the name of the deceased. When the case resumed on Tuesday, Ibrahim said they were replacing Alhaji Babaeleku with one Alhaji Abubakar Oluwatoyin, a request that the court granted and then asked them to proceed with their case by calling their other witnesses. The counsel, however, said they were not prepared to proceed because their lead counsel Dr Akin Onigbinde (SAN), who he claimed has the relevant documents to proceed with the case, had just lost his mother and was preparing for the burial. Counsel to the Kwara State Government, Barrister Salman Jawondo, however, drew the attention of the court to what he called a deliberate attempt to delay the hearing and dispensation of the case after more than one year of judicial delay, urging the court to dismiss the case for lack of diligent prosecution. He cited the previous failings of the claimants to prosecute their case, an observation that the judge said was valid and therefore struck out the case “for lack of diligent prosecution by the claimants.” Jawondo meanwhile, has said the government is willing to press counter claims of ownership of the land against the Asa Investment Limited. The court has adjourned to March 17, 2021, to hear the counterclaims. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!