Pandemonium broke out in Oke- Oyi community, headquarters of Ilorin East local government area of Kwara State on Saturday as a tipper truck reportedly crushed three occupants of a tricycle (Keke) to death. The fatal accident according to sources occurred on the old Ilorin- Jebba expressway when the driver of the tricycle tried to cross to a filling station to buy fuel without taking cognisance of the coming tipper truck. The tipper truck driver could not apply break as it was too late and consequently crushed the tricycle which led to the death of the three occupants. It was gathered that the angry residents of the community set the tipper truck on fire to retaliate the death of the passengers of the tricycle. The driver of the truck was reportedly beaten mercilessly before he was rescued by the policemen drafted to the scene of the accident. The residents also barricaded the road and truck drivers plying the route had to divert to neighbouring Osin village to take cover. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the state police command, Okasanmi Ajayi, confirmed the incident. He, however, said that normalcy had been restored to the area by the policemen drafted there and warned residents against taking the law into their hands. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Three crushed to death  Three crushed to death 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Three crushed to death  Three crushed to death NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!