The Amalgamated Union of Foodstuff and Cattle Dealers of Nigerian (AUFCDN) Zamfara State branch has concluded plans to embark on strike action over multiple taxes on federal highways. Addressing newsmen Tuesday evening in Gusau, the state chairman of AUFCDN Alhaji Aminu Garba maintained that the strike action would commence tomorrow Wednesday by 12 midnight. “The nationwide strike was slated to commence on Wednesday, 24 of February 2021 by 12 midnight as directed by the national body of our union, all members are expected to participate actively.” He stressed that the amalgamated union of foodstuff and cattle dealers of Nigeria has held a series of meetings at different places and resolve to defend the interest of members nationwide. “The union nationwide is contributing immensely to the economic growth of Nigeria by providing revenue and taxes to the Federal Government including 36 states of the federation.” According to him, during EndSARS protest many of their members fell victim in different parts of the country particularly South-South and Southeast. “The union national body has demanded compensation for lost lives and properties of our members. “Furthermore, other issues hindering the activities of our union include multiple taxations, mounting illegal roadblocks at unavoidable and strategic location on federal highways and demand for the payment of illegitimate tax worth up to N450,000 before reaching a destination.” He stressed that the leadership of the national body of AUFCDN warned members, “any member that violates the instructions by conducting any activity such as loading, offloading or transporting animals or foodstuff to any parts of the country shall be severely dealt with.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided