Against online reports of the appointment of his successor, the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, was among government officials at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja to welcome President Muhammadu Buhari from Daura on Tuesday. He was joined by the Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Mohammed Bello to receive the president after his four day trip to his home state, Katsina. The president was in his town to participate in the launch of the All Progressive Congress (APC) membership registration and revalidation exercise. Though the IGP was believed to be due for retirement on Tuesday, he has remained in office pending a decision by the president on the extension of his tenure or the naming of a successor. However, the online media was agog on Tuesday over the purported appointment of Assistant Inspector General of Police, Zanna Mohammed Ibrahim, as acting IGP. When the Nigerian Tribune contacted him, the Senior Special Assistant (Media & Publicity) to the President, Garba Shehu,  advised that it was a social media creation and should be ignored. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… [IGP Adamu, others welcome Buhari back to Abuja] SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!