Former minister of aviation Femi Fani-Kayode on Thursday met with Chief Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho, describing him as a “very passionate man.” Fani-Kayode made a tweet about the visit saying: “I had a wonderful lunch and a very fruitful and productive meeting with my friend and brother Chief Sunday Adeyemo (aka Sunday Igboho) in his beautiful Ibadan home today. “He is truly impressive and very passionate. May God be with him, his family and his entire household.” See the tweet: I had a wonderful lunch and a very fruitful and productive meeting with my friend and brother Chief Sunday Adeyemo (aka Sunday Igboho) in his beautiful Ibadan home today. He is truly impressive and very passionate. May God be with him, his family and his entire household. pic.twitter.com/QEsfKspTuA — Femi Fani-Kayode (@realFFK) February 18, 2021  Fani-Kayode on his part has been at the centre of a defection controversy. Having visited some All Progressive Congress (APC) governors recently, Fani-Kayode was announced to have defected to the ruling APC. Fani-Kayode however tweeted that he is still a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Sunday Igboho has been at the fore in the fight against violent herdsmen in Yorubaland with his recent visits to Ibarapa in Oyo State and to Ogun State. He was reported to be in a bid to flush out violent herdsmen from the Southwest. However, in a recent interview, Sunday Igboho said, “I’ve played my part; I’m not leading anything anymore if others don’t rise up. If they rise up, I will follow them. Others must stand up to do the needful.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided