The management of Alvan Ikoku Federal College of Education (AIFCE) has confirmed the death of a senior lecturer, simply identified as Mr Echetama, who slumped and died in a lecture hall on Tuesday. The Acting Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the college, Mr Joseph Okwulehi, who confirmed the death to newsmen in his office on Wednesday, said the provost of the college is engrossed in a series of emergency meetings over the issue. He said the management has advised the staff and students of the institution to be calm and wait for the official position of the institution on the issue. “I can confirm to you that a senior lecturer slumped in a classroom on Tuesday and was confirmed dead at the Federal Medical Center (FMC), Owerri. NAN reports that Echetama, until his death, was a senior lecturer at the Department of Business Education. Meanwhile, the development has forced students to keep away from lectures over an emerging rumour that the sudden death of the lecturer was connected to COVID-19. Students were seen on Wednesday vacating school hostels, while others fled the school premises for the fear of contracting the dreaded virus. Some of the students who spoke to NAN said they decided to avoid lectures when the rumour emerged that the lecturer died of coronavirus complication. A final year student of the institution, Mr Frederick Anyawu, said the development has forced lecturers to suspend lectures. He said students decided to keep away from the college until the issue is sorted out. Another student in the Department of Economics, Mr Okechukwu Eze, said the development has led to skeletal activities in the institution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided