It was a sensational dramatic piece with Mr Freeman Godwin an appointee of Cross River Governor, Ben Ayade who has threatened to commit suicide over non-payment of salary after his appointment. Freeman, whose designation is not known as at the time of this report is heard in a video made available by Phylo Modlin, screaming “When it is time for work, they will use you and dump you, at the end of the day nothing happens; I will die for this government. I will die in this office.” The Obudu born man further lamented that he was on his own doing his business, but the government called him to give him an appointment which he had to borrow money to do documentation, yet no payment was forthcoming. He added that his wife was delivered a baby through cesarean section, popularly called CS. His Facebook timeline suggests he has been struggling with a lot of issues since the beginning of 2021. Reacting to the issue, Mr Christian Ita, Media Assistant to Governor Ayade, said that Godwin’s issue was just an administrative matter. “Governor Ayade has about 6,000 aides. If 5,999 are being pained regularly, must the case of one person be a big issue? He was employed just November and we are in January. I think he went to the Auditor General’s office and the issue is purely administrative,” Ita added. WATCH THE VIDEO: YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided