The Association of General and Private Medical Practitioner of Nigeria (AGPMPN), Ogun State chapter has attributed the survival rate of cancer patients globally to the improvements in the enlightenment, screening and treatment of cancer. This is just as the association noted that the breast, prostate and lungs remain the leading organs affected by cancer. State Chairman of the association, Dr Rabiu Kusimo, said this in a statement on Thursday to commemorate this year’s World Cancer Day. While citing a 2018 World Health Organisation (WHO) study, Kusimo stressed that one out of every six deaths, globally, was caused by cancer, urging people with symptoms to submit themselves early for treatment. The statement reads in part: “According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), cancer is the second leading cause of death globally, responsible for an estimated 9.6 million deaths in 2018. “Globally, about 1 in 6 deaths is due to cancer. This is really alarming and calls for concerted efforts of all to help us all. The survival rates are improving for many types of cancer, thanks to increased enlightenment, improvements in cancer screening and cancer treatment all over the word. The breast, the prostate and the lungs appear to be leading organs affected by cancer. “On this day and in line with the year’s theme, the attention of the public is hereby drawn to individual kits for prevention, early detection and treatment of cancer.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!