As the All Progressives Congress (APC) commences its its membership registration and revalidation exercise across the country, Yobe State governor and chairman, APC Caretaker Extraordinary/ Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni has charged members of the party to observe the Covid-19 protocol. Buni, in a statement issued by his Director General, Press and Media Affairs, Mamman Mohammed, said the call became necessary for the party to ensure that the exercise was conducted in compliance with government directives on Covid-19. “I call on both the officials conducting the exercise and our members seeking to register to please observe the Covid-19 protocol throughout the registration exercise,” he stated. He explained that as the ruling party, APC would always support and work towards the success of all policies and programmes of the government. The governor noted that “as a party known for due process and rule of law, our members are always law-abiding and this will not be an exception.” He assured that the party had adequate materials and would provide the time needed to ensure everyone was registered. “We have made provision to ensure everyone is registered and no one is disenfranchised,” Buni assured. The Yobe governor also cautioned members, who might attempt to deny others from registering. “In this registration, it will be a futile exercise for those nursing the idea of hoarding the materials to create scarcity and deny others from registration because, we have adequate back-up materials to ensure the success of the registration,” Buni warned.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!