An auto crash claiming the lives of not fewer than nine persons was on Friday night confirmed along Calabar-Itu Highway,  around Okurikang axis of Cross River State. Cyprian Ofordu; the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Cross River Sector Command, who confirmed the incident, said that 12 persons were involved but nine persons died on the spot while three others were rescued but in critical condition. According to him, the two vehicles which were involved in the accident were a Mack truck and a Toyota Hiace bus with 12 occupants. He said that the cause of the accident could not be ascertained, adding that crash investigators from the Command were at the site and would come up with their report as soon as possible. Ofordu who spoke with Tribune Online said that three persons were rescued from the 12-seater Hiace Bus while nine others died, and their corpses had been deposited at the mortuary. ”The three persons rescued are in critical condition as we were called in to rescue. What we saw at the crash site was bad. Those involved were three female adults and 9 male, but the nine persons who died have been deposited at the mortuary including two females and 7 male, if there is further development, we will keep you abreast,” Ofordu said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided