Kano State Consumer Protection Council (KSCPC) on Monday confiscated fake and expired drugs worth over N200 million. According to its Acting Managing Director, Hon. Dr Baffa Babba Dan’agundi, the Council made the seizure following a raid on a building where the drugs are stored and repackaged. Dan’agundi who doubles as the Managing Director (KAROTA) added that the KSCPC raided the building on No. 37 Niger Street after a tip-off about the illegal activities carried out within the building. Information Officer, KAROTA/KSCPC, Alhaji Nabilusi Abubakar, said, some of the drugs confiscated have no NAFDAC registration number, while some have expired and were repackaged before being released back into the market. Dan’agundi calls on the general public to be conscious of the drugs they consume as well as places they patronize to avoid purchasing expired and fake drugs which instead of getting relief, would lead to more complications. He warned that the council will continue to do its best in riding the state of any form of fake, expired and unwholesome products that pose danger to the health of the people of the state. Furthermore, he charged those with credible information to come forward as the council’s doors are always open and ready to act on such information, adding that there is always reward for patriotic citizens who feed either the council or KAROTA with information that leads to such arrest. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided