The Russian-developed Sputnik V vaccine has been found to be 91.6 per cent effective against COVID-19, according to a study published in the medical journal The Lancet on Tuesday. The peer-reviewed result comes from a phase-three clinical trial conducted in the Russian capital Moscow by the Gamaleya Institute, the body that developed the vaccine. For the study, 19,866 volunteers were given either two doses of the Sputnik V vaccine or a placebo. A total of 16 people in the vaccine group went on to develop COVID-19, the respiratory disease caused by the Coronavirus. In the placebo group, this figure stands at 62. The results were published days after Russia offered the European Union doses of Sputnik V amid shortages of other vaccines in the bloc. Sputnik V could however only be used in the EU if it is approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA), which is pending. According to the manufacturer, Sputnik V has been approved in 15 countries around the world, including Hungary, which became the first EU member to approve it last week. The vaccine’s active ingredient was the first in the world to be released for widespread use in mid-August, although the fact that key testing had not been completed at the time-triggered international criticism. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!