The Royal Malaysian Police on Thursday said that they questioned the founder of Sugar book. The website claims to match young women with so-called sugar daddies after the suspect was arrested. The website, which labels itself “the pinnacle of luxury dating,” is being investigated for prostitution and breaches of Malaysia’s communications laws. The Sugar book website was reportedly blocked by Malaysian authorities earlier this week after police received complaints. Darren Chan, the founder of Sugar book, responded to the block on Tuesday, saying that “we have a responsibility to help people build modern relationships.’’ The police have not named Chan in their statements about the case. According to recent statements by Sugar book and a similar platform called Seeking Arrangement.com, tens of thousands of Malaysian women have registered on both websites, with numbers jumping in January after Malaysia’s government imposed a second coronavirus lockdown. The reported increase in subscribers prompted Ahmad Marzuk Shaary, Deputy Minister for Religious Affairs in the Prime Minister’s Office, to say on Sunday that Sugar book should be prevented from being used in our country. He added that it encourages people to do things that are not right and violate the laws including Sharia (Islamic) law. (dpa/NAN) YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided