As the vaccination against yellow fever ended in Bauchi after the 10 days exercise, a total of 6,400,000 people out of the targeted 7 million were vaccinated. The figure was revealed on Monday by the Executive Chairman of Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency (BASPHCDA), Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, while giving an update on the exercise in his office. Rilwanu Mohammed expressed satisfaction with the success recorded in the exercise saying that the response by the people was very encouraging stressing that the exercise was a huge success. He, however, lamented that the initial misconception created by people who went about telling others that the vaccination was for COVID-19 negatively affected the exercise but after rigorous campaign and enlightenment, the exercise picked up. The Executive Chairman of BASPHCDA assured that there will be a mop-up exercise very soon to ensure that the target of 7 million vaccination was met because according to him, “we will not return the remaining doses, we will exhaust them here in Bauchi State.” He then appealed to those who are yet to be vaccinated and fall between the age bracket of 9 months – 44 years to visit the nearest designated health facility to be vaccinated. Rilwanu Mohammed also said that the Snakebite hospital in Duguri has been completed while the residential quarters for the personnel to man the facilities will soon be completed so that the hospital can take off. He said that the area is prone to snake bite due to its hilly condition saying that many people have been incapacitated by the snake bite assuring however that the state government is working hard to tackle the menace. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Recorded Slight Reduction In COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. This reduction doesn’t mean the country is close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic.Bauchi vaccinates 6.4 million people against yellow fever Bauchi vaccinates 6.4 million people against yellow fever SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!