The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has congratulated Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala on her appointment as the Director General of the World Trade Organization (WTO). In a congratulatory letter sent to the new WTO DG at the headquarters of the organization in Geneva, Switzerland, the NLC President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, said her appointment and confirmation  is a testimony to the authenticity of her brand and what she brings to the global governance arena. The letter reads: “We write to congratulate you on your victory at the election for the position of the Director-General and Head of the World Trade Organization (WTO). Your recent confirmation as the Director-General of the WTO after initial stalling confirms the authenticity of your brand and what you bring to the global governance arena. “Your recent feat is only consistent with your sterling and inspiring career as a former World Bank Executive, two-time appointment as Nigeria’s Finance Minister, stint as Nigeria’s Foreign Affairs Minister, all enabled by your skills as a sound technocrat and public administrator. “Furthermore, the fact that you are the first woman, first African and first Nigerian to occupy this exalted position is something to be proud of. Nigerian workers are very proud of you and extend their warm felicitations. “While we wish you success in your new position, please accept the renewed assurances of our highest esteem.” SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is the most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Alleged fraud: Arraignment of former Aviation Minister, Stella Oduah, stalled Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided