The immediate past governor of Osun State, Rauf Aregbesola remarked that ‘murderers’ have joined the All Progressives Congress (APC) party, so the leadership and membership of the party should not allow such elements to occupy leadership positions of the party. Aregbesola,  the current Interior minister after his revalidation at the APC at Ifofin, Ward 8, Ilesa East Local Government of Osun State affirmed that members have a moral duty to ensure that such elements do not occupy leadership positions and use it to subvert and derail the party. Aregbesola warned party members to be conscious of those who continue to dance on the late Bola Ige’s grave and avoid anything that would dishonour the late statesman’s memory. He remarked: “Though the constitution allows everyone to register as a member of any political party, even if they are suspects, murderers, character assassinator and so on, but those who constitute the majority of the party membership must represent the core values of the party. What distinguishes us are the values we hold. We value social democracy, to a large extent liberal democracy and progressivism. “There must be a clear distinction between jolly good fellows and fair weather friends who will still leave our party when they sense a better opportunity elsewhere. In associating with individuals, who you are, your character and world view must come to play. “More importantly, we must honour the memory of our father, Chief Bola Ige and what he stands for which includes compassion, commitment to the good of the majority and ideas that will bring good life, happiness, progress and security for the people.” On the influx of leaders and members of the opposition PDP and other political parties to the APC, he told them that it is part of the democratic process for all kinds of people, even those with questionable and unedifying past, to cross into the progressive, people-centred party. Aregbesola assured the people of working towards the greater success of the party and of his progressive ideals. He reminded them that he emerged in Osun on the Oranmiyan platform 17 years ago, and with others fought regression and firmly consolidated the party in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided