The Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria (ATCON) has announced its plan to host the maiden edition of Virtual Structured Engagement with Key Stakeholders in the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) Sector on the New National Broadband Plan 2020- 2025 with a theme – Realising the new set target of 70 per cent of Broadband Penetration slated for March 25, 2021. In a statement by the association and signed by Mr Ajibola Olude, its Executive Secretary, it said the buy-in of the various sub-groups under the membership of ATCON would be leveraged upon to ensure and guarantee that the new Nigerian National Broadband Plan 2020-2025 is adequately positioned to deliver its ultimate purposes for the generality of Nigerians more quickly and strategically. “Traditionally, ATCON as an organisation usually gives its members the opportunity to review and provide insightful approaches and solutions along with the Ministry, NCC, NITDA and state governments as to what needs to be done to support various programmes and projects that are earmarked for the successful implementation of the previous National Broadband Plan under past ministers,” the statement said. The objectives of the engagement, according to the association, includes, “complimenting the various strategic activities already embarked upon by the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy and to also achieve the set target of Broadband penetration in Nigeria with greater speed among others. ATCON said Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, the Minister, Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, is expected to deliver the Principal Keynote Address on, “Enhancing the contributions of sub-sector in the Nigerian national broadband plans through enabling policies”. while Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC); Mr Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi, Director-General of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and Engr Aliyu Aziz Abubakar, Director-General, National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) would share their respective commissions and agency’s perspectives via a paper presentation on “Aggregating the potentials of the sub-sector to meet the new broadband set target of 70 per cent.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Nigerians Continue To Test Positive, Die Of COVID-19 Complications ― Analysis More Nigerians have continued to test positive for COVID-19 and more deaths have been recorded from its complications, Tribune Online analysis shows. However, Nigeria recorded fewer COVID-19 infections and deaths when compared to the previous week. It also recorded increased recoveries during the same period… NASS resumption: Legislative aides demand payment of salary arrears FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… NASS resumption: Legislative aides demand payment of salary arrears Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided