The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) will, on February 22, 2021, arraign former Minister of Aviation, Senator. Stella Oduah, at the Federal High Court, Abuja, over alleged financial impropriety. Justice Inyang Ekwo fixed the date on Tuesday because the former Minister was yet to be served with the court processes. Oduah, who currently represents Anambra North Senatorial District in the Senate is to face the fraud charge alongside eight others in a suit numbered, FHC/ABJ/CR/316/20. Although the arraignment was scheduled for the day’s sitting, the case could not proceed because the lawmaker was not in court. Counsel to the EFCC, Dr Hassan Liman (SAN), told the court that the ex-minister had not been served with the court processes. The lawyer, therefore, prayed for an adjournment to enable the anti-graft agency served her with the court process. “My Lord, the matter has been set out today for arraignment, but I have been informed by the commission that the first defendant (Oduah) is yet to be served. In view of that my Lord, may I humbly apply for a very short date,” he prayed the court. Justice Ekwo held that it was the duty of the prosecution to produce defendants in court and then adjourned the matter until February 22 for defendants to take their plea. The anti-corruption agency is alleging that Oduah misappropriated public funds while serving as a minister. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Nigerians Continue To Test Positive, Die Of COVID-19 Complications ― Analysis More Nigerians have continued to test positive for COVID-19 and more deaths have been recorded from its complications, Tribune Online analysis shows. However, Nigeria recorded fewer COVID-19 infections and deaths when compared to the previous week. It also recorded increased recoveries during the same period… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances…EFCC to arraign ex-aviation minister, Stella Oduah, over alleged fraud February 22 EFCC to arraign ex-aviation minister, Stella Oduah, over alleged fraud February 22 SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided