Federal government intervention agency for the oil-producing states, the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) is embroiled in a fresh scandal over huge fund purportedly spent as COVID-19 palliatives. The Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions was on Thursday informed about how N6.25billion was squandered by the axed Interim Management Committee ( IMC) led by Professor Daniel Pondei. In a petition addressed to the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions Committee, Senator Ayo Akinyelure, Chairman of the agency’s COVID-19 Palliative Distribution Committee, Ambassador Sobomabo Jackrich, said no amount was spent as palliatives. In his petition, Ambassador Jackrich alleged that the money was embezzled as his committee “was totally sidelined and the IMC hijacked the process because of their secret plots just because I, as the chairman, demanded for transparency in the entire process.” His petition read in part: “As Chairman of the COVID-19 Palliatives Distribution Committee of the NDDC, I testify that N6.25billion approved by Mr President for Palliatives for the entire Niger Delta Region through the NDDC, cannot be accounted for and is allegedly embezzled by the then Prof Daniel Pondei-led IMC. “My committee was totally sidelined and the IMC hijacked the process because of their secret plots just because I, as the Chairman, demanded for transparency in the entire process. “The then IMC conspired among themselves and distributed strange substance in the name of Palliatives in form of spoilt food items to a few communities in the region. “To cover up for the fraud, they tried without success to bribe me with few bags of rice and beans just to induce me to play along with them.” Senator Akinyelure who asked the NDDC to appear before his Committee on February 22 to defend itself vowed that the Senate would get to the root of the alleged financial sleaze. “This is the third time the leadership of the commission failed to honour invitation on the alleged N6.25billion COVID-19 Palliatives scam. “But unfortunately for them, as a committee of the Senate, we shall thoroughly investigate it whether they like it or not, since petition on the fraud even came from a ranking officer from the commission. “Even as a Senator from one of the affected states, I, along with 26 others, did not see any palliatives distributed by NDDC last year. “Since government is a continuum, the new management of the commission, must appear before the committee unfailingly on the 22nd of this month.” He added that submission of the new management of the NDDC on the alleged would determine the fate of the disbanded Pondei-led IMC alleged to have squandered the money. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Senate raises alarm  Senate raises alarm 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Senate raises alarm  Senate raises alarm NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!