Experts, in a new study, say that blood group O is protective against COVID-19 infection even as being a male makes an individual twice more susceptible to contracting the infection than the female, in Oyo State. The study, which confirmed the association between ABO blood groups and COVID-19 infection and the severity of infection, says individuals with blood groups B and AB were also more susceptible to the disease. Within ABO blood group systems, there are four different blood groups: A, B, AB and O They also found out that the blood group was not associated with whether the patients have respiratory or gastrointestinal symptoms but age modestly predict if a patient infected with SARS CoV 2 would become symptomatic. In addition, blood group O was significantly less represented among the asymptomatic and symptomatic patients while blood groups B and AB were significantly more represented. There was no significant difference between the A phenotype among the COVID-19 patients and the donor population. The study had compared the blood groups of 302 asymptomatic and symptomatic patients quarantined at the Oyo State Infectious Diseases Centre in Ibadan between April 27, 2020 and August 30, 2020 with the blood donor population in the state.  It involved Taiwo R. Kotila, Temitope O. Alonge, Adeola Fowotade and Olufisayo I. Famuyiwa at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan in collaboration with Adebola S Akinbile,  at the Oyo State Ministry of Health. Oyo State had carried out 15, 733 tests and of this number, 3119 were confirmed positive for the COVID-19 with 1,952 recoveries and 37 deaths at the time of compilation of this report. It was reported in the February edition of the International Society of Blood Transfusion. Professor Temitope Alonge, chairman, Oyo State Covid-19 task force said most Africans have blood group O and might explain among other reasons the low infection, severity and demise in the African continent. According to him, “many of us are carrying blood group O, maybe that confers a little protection apart from vitamin D levels.” According to the study, of the 302 participants, 297 (98per cent) had their blood group determined, asymptomatic and symptomatic individuals were 123 (40·7per cent) and 179 (59·3per cent) respectively.  Respiratory symptoms were experienced by 70 (39·1 per cent) participants, gastrointestinal symptoms by 21 (11·7 per cent) participants while 6 (3·4 per cent) experienced both. The researchers concluded: “The higher prevalence of blood group O and more potent beta haemolysins (anti-B antibodies) are likely reasons for the lower infectivity by the SARS-CoV-2 virus and severity of COVID-19 disease in the community.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Nigeria Is Stronger Together Than Being Apart ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has admonished that despite differences in religion, ethnicity, political affiliations, or other diversities, Nigerians of all generations and from all walks of life must endeavour to commit to ensuring Nigeria’s unity because the nation is stronger together than apart…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided