Gunmen have killed a pregnant female lawyer identified as Nkiru Agbasu, along the Warri/Sapele Expressway in Delta State. The female lawyer was returning to Warri from Sapele on Wednesday when the gunmen, suspected to be armed robbers, opened fire on the occupants of the car she was travelling but the bullet hit her alone. Chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Warri Branch, Emmanuel Uti, who confirmed the incident to journalists, said she was on her way from Sapele when the tragedy occurred. “It was an armed robbery incident along the road and they shot at their car. She was the one the bullet hit. “We only got to know around 5:00p.m, so maybe it happened between afternoon and evening,” Uti noted. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Delta State Police Command, Onome Onovwakpoyeya, has yet to respond to enquiries through a text message as of the time of filing the story. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided