The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has urged stakeholders in the education sector to ensure that the curriculum of schools reflects emerging technologies needed for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR). Mr Kashifu Inuwa, the NITDA Director-General, said this at the National Olympiad Award in Abuja, late last week. The ceremony was organised by the National Mathematical Centre (NMC), where more than 90 secondary school students across the federation who performed exceptionally well in mathematics were recognised and rewarded. Represented by Dr Collins Agu, the Director, Corporate Planning Strategy at NITDA, Inuwa said that emerging technologies were the future the country’s workforce and the country needed to prepare the young ones in that regard. “It is important to review the curriculum of primary and secondary schools to have subjects that will help in inculcating future workforce and prerequisite skills needed to thrive in the 4IR by providing mathematical toolkits for the students. “The greatest achievement of man is achieved through mathematics, while technologies like computers, Big Data Analytics, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence etc, are innovations derived from mathematics,” he said. According to Inuwa, the continuous pursuit of the process would help to demystify mathematics, train and mentor more students on the subject. The agency, thereby, donated the Inclusive Digital Economy Toolkit to NMC, a mother board designed in Nigeria to drive Smart City, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence, among other emerging technologies. He encouraged NMC to collaborate with NITDA in the area of Research and Development (R&D) in order to make a quantum leap in the technology and innovation ecosystem. NMC revealed that the ceremony was aimed at encouraging more students to take on mathematics and own it, adding that many students had benefitted from the scheme in the past.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!