The Joint Task Force on Kidnappings and other criminal activities in the Ofu Local government council in Kogi-East has arrested 10 suspected kidnappers in Achigili community. Briefing newsmen at the Local government headquarters, Ofu, on Monday, the chairman of the local government council, Hon Amodu Ibrahim, said the suspects were arrested at about 1 am on Monday. He noted that the arrest was carried out by the Vigilante group of Ofu Local Government in synergy with the Okehi local government council Professional Hunters. “The arrest which was carried out at about 1 am of February 15, 2021, followed a red alert given to the Local Government chapter of Kogi State Vigilante Group by the Okehi Professional Hunters; on the marauding of suspected Kidnappers across the forest of the two Local Government “Intensive search was carried out by the security men and the suspects were apprehended in their camp,” he said. Items recovered from them include one dane gun, 10 cartridges, 10 mobile phones, vigilante uniform, 10 I-D Cards, one torchlight and charms, which were handed over to the Police. Hon Amodu assured the people of the Local Government that, he will continue to work round the clock with the security operatives to ensure a safe society for all, he sounded a note of warning to all criminals and intending culprit to desist from crime or have him to contend with in the local ggovernment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE 100 Nigerians Die Of COVID-19 Complications In Seven Days Last week, Nigeria recorded 100 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest since the beginning of the second wave, Tribune Online analysis reveals. The data also showed that the tally of 100 deaths last week shows there is a sharp increase when compared to the 69 deaths recorded in the previous week… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances…Vigilante, hunters arrest 10 suspected kidnappers in Kogi Vigilante, hunters arrest 10 suspected kidnappers in Kogi SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!