The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Pantami, has assured Nigerians and the international community that citizens and the country’s data is 99 per cent secured. Pantami in his Webinar Goodwill message marking the World Data Privacy Day recently, said that Data privacy struggle had achieved a lot for the country as its protection was enshrined in Laws, By-laws and Acts of different institutions of government and the Constitution. Pantami reiterated that, “Nigeria is committed to data privacy and protection as demonstrated in Section 37 of our Constitution. So far, we have 99 per cent privacy of data secured in Nigeria. “Our data is protected and we are also glad to inform the international community and investors that their data is protected in Nigeria.” He added:”That Section says that the privacy of citizens, their homes, correspondences, telephone conversations and telegraphic communications are hereby guaranteed and protected. “Data privacy law is also in the Act of NITDA 2007, the Nigerian Communications Commission Act of 2007, the National Identity Management Commission Act and the Nigerian Data Protection Regulation, NDPR, as the ultimate bylaw,” he said. “We have been doing well than most developing countries in the aspect of privacy protection.” Pantami also said that in the Medical profession, it was against the law to disclose a patient’s records, hence implementing data privacy at different levels ensured protection. He further stated that data privacy was in line with the development regulation pillar of the National Digital Economy and Policy Strategy, NDEPS, established in November 2019. According to him, Data protection regulation is not made to restrict people, businesses, or institutions but is designed for the country’s development and treated with confidentiality. He also commended public organisations that have been compliant with the NDPR since its implementation as he assured Nigerians of continuous efforts by the Ministry to ensure data privacy. Pantami said that the data privacy day has become a globally accepted event to mark and create more awareness on data protection and privacy policies as countries like Canada among others have keyed into the celebration.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!