A DAF truck, with registration number  Bauchi KTG 220 ZZ, conveying about 80 passengers of Fulani extraction, were noticed and intercepted by Amotekun Corps and Operation Burst operatives at Iwo Road, Ibadan, Oyo State, on Sunday, at about 5:00 p.m. The passengers, with 25 cows and 13 motorcycles, were driven by one  Auwalu Mustapha. Tribune Online learnt that they were almost attacked by people around the spot of interception, but were quickly driven off to Agodi police station, not far from the scene. Police officers and men from the police station reportedly interrogated them so as to know their mission and destination. During interrogation, the Fulanis told the police that they were from Kano State, on their way to Ogun and Lagos states for commercial motorcycle riding and cattle sales . A credible source among the security operatives said that when searched, nothing incriminating was found on the Fulanis or in the vehicle that brought them. Thereafter, they were escorted by police patrol team to the old toll gate at Ibadan end of Lagos/Ibadan highway, to make them leave peacefully, as they headed towards Lagos. Oyo State PPRO, CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi, confirmed the development, saying that the Fulanis were led out of Oyo State towards their destinations by the police. He said that when they were searched, nothing incriminating was found on the travellers. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided