FORMER member of the House of Representatives and a chieftain of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Ogun State, Honourable Abdulkabir Akinlade, has commended Governor Dapo Abiodun over his visit to the victims of killer herdsmen in the state. Akinlade, who represented Egbado South/Ipokia Federal Constituency in the 8th Assembly, in a statement signed by his media aide, Azeez Adelani, noted that what is important is that the governor reacted positively to his suggestions about visiting the victims and setting up intelligence gathering mechanisms to monitor amongst other efforts with the view to repealing any future attack. The former lawmaker while responding to calls from stakeholders stated that: “It does not matter if the actions by the governor of the state came a bit late, to him something is being done and we must appreciate that fact. As the ruling party, APC, we must lead and serve our people purposefully.” Akinlade, expressed confidence that the people will be better for it if their interests are placed before political gains. He further extended his appreciation to all those that visited Oja Odan; the service chiefs, royal fathers and other stakeholders for speaking up and refusing to take the law into their own hands as suggested in some quarters. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided