The late Monday heavy downpour in Benin City, Edo State capital, caused havoc in the ancient City, as the historical 500-year old Urhokpota Hall roof was completely blown off by the accompanying wind. Urhokpota Hall which currently serves as the mobile court for Edo State judiciary holds a unique position in the traditional settings as it serves as the final coronation ground for the Oba of Benin. The hall that was first built during the reign of Oba Ozolua in the 15th century and redesigned in 1906 for coronation activities of the Benin monarchs was gutted by fire in 2020, which damaged the front view of the ancient building completely. The roof of the ancient hall was blown off at a time when it was filled up with people arrested for violating the COVID-19 safety rules in the city. A security agent attached to the building who did not want his name in print volunteered that: “We were here around 4.00 pm when the rain started, at the first time, nobody knew it was going to be that bad, but suddenly, it started with wind. You know that the front view is already destroyed by fire last year, so it was this place that is left, the wind removed everything and we thank God that nobody died”. “More than one hundred people were arrested for violating the COVID-19 safety rules and were there. Thank God that nobody died here”, he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided