Sharing documents is extremely easy with PDF and PDF was rightly created with this intention. Not only sharing files but reading documents like PDF is also easy. The best part is that the PDF can be read across all the devices without compatibility being an issue for it. This is the reason why the documents are created in other formats like Word and Excel, it is shared in the PDF form. Not to forget that a PDF document also maintains all the formatting too. Here are the best 5 PDF converters that you can use for converting the original documents into PDF.  Lua is a newly launched online PDF converter that doesn’t need you to download anything. It is a browser based PDF converter which you can use to convert your documents into PDF from any device including computer and laptop. Using Lua, you can convert JPG, Excel, Word, and PPT to PDF. Additionally, you can convert PDF to JPG, PNG and Word. If you are facing trouble sharing a large PDF, you can compress the PDF using Lua. This online PDF converter also gives you the option to combine multiple PDF files into a single PDF using the Merge PDF feature. All the conversion in Lua PDF converter takes place at a rocket speed.  Adobe Acrobat and PDF are linked together so much that Adobe Acrobat has become a default PDF reader. But did you know that you can also use it for converting your documents into PDF? Adobe Acrobat allows the users to convert Word, PPT, Excel and JPG to PDF. All you need to do is upload the file by clicking on “Select a File”. After that, you need to select the file, Adobe Acrobat will automatically convert the file. You can then download the PDF to store it anywhere. If you sign in to download it, you also get the option of sharing the file with a link. If you do not sign in, the file will be safely deleted from the server. Additionally, Acrobat online tools can be used to edit PDF, Compress PDF and for signing and protecting it too.  Smallpdf is a user-friendly PDF converter that is quick and easy to convert. There is no limit in the file size which can be converted to PDF. The best part, you do not need to register in their account to make this conversion. Also, Small PDF cares about your privacy. Therefore, after an hour after you upload your document, the files are automatically deleted from their server. SmallPDF works in Mac, Windows and Linux because it is a web-based PDF converter. You also have the option to install the Smallpdf Chrome Extension, if you use Chrome to surf the net. Smallpdf ensures that it maintains the quality of your document when it converts it into PDF.   Just like Smallpdf, iLovePDF also comes with a very neat interface. You can use it to convert Word, Powerpoint, Excel, JPG into PDF. Not only this, unlike other PDF converters, it also gives the users the options to convert web pages into PDF. All you need to do is copy and paste the URL of the webpage and it will convert the website into PDF for you. iLovePDF is your one-stop PDF destination which you can also use to merge PDF< split PDF and compress PDF. It has recently added the edit PDF feature which allows the users add images, text, shapes and freehand annotations to the PDF document along with editing the font, colour and size of the content. Using an exclusive PDF document? Well, you can watermark it now using this online tool.   The online PDF converter is a simple PDF converter which allows any file of your choice to be converted into PDF. You have the option of uploading the file or you can simply drag and drop it to begin the conversion process. The free PDF converter will convert your file into PDF in a few seconds which will be readily available for download. Later, to protect your privacy, the PDF will be deleted from the server. PDF converter also offers a premium package which you can use to convert files without any limits to the number and file size. All the files that you upload on a PDF converter are protected using the 26-bit SSL Encryption.  Based on your requirement, you can choose any of the above PDF converters to convert your documents from both to and from PDF. All these online tools are robust but are very simple to use. We must prosecute arrested bandits, kidnappers to demonstrate justice ― Osinbajo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided