Benue State Government on Monday said that 17 suspected criminals who kidnapped some youths along Wukari-Takum last Wednesday have been arrested. Governor Samuel Ortom’s Special Adviser on Security, Col. Paul Hemba (retd), said that those who abducted the youth were loyalists of the late terrorist, Terwase Akwaza aka Gana. Hemba who addressed journalists in his office in Makurdi said that the aim of the criminal elements was to trigger inter-communal crisis between the Tiv and Jukun. The security adviser said that all the kidnap victims are all Jukuns from Taraba, adding that the youth were kept at Ajon, Igbudu and Tor Donga axis all in Katsina-Ala local government area of the state. According to the Hemba: “The aim of the kidnapers was to trigger inter-communal crisis between the Tiv and Jukun tribes in that axis so that they can have a respite from the pressure on them from the security forces.” He said that the combined team of troops of Operation Whirl Stroke, 72 Special Forces Battalion, 83 Battalion and Mobile Policemen from Takum rescued 19 out of the 23 abducted victims, adding that efforts were on for the remaining four. He further explained that 17 of the suspects have been arrested. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… | suspected Benue kidnappers | suspected Benue kidnappers | SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!