A young man suspected to have violently raped a young lady in Akure, Ondo State capital, has been lying unconscious for about 24 hours after a mob action. The suspected rapist whose identity could not be ascertained was apprehended at Oluwatuyi area of Akure and was beaten to coma for raping a young woman and plucking out her eyes. It was gathered that the residents of the area nabbed the rapist while trying to kill the victim after plucking her eyes. He was subsequently apprehended and beaten to coma and they were about to set the suspect on fire when the men of the Ondo State police command arrived the scene. The victim and the rapist were rushed to the hospital and they have been unconscious since Monday when the incident happened. A source within the area said the suspect is from the Northern part of the country who could not say his name or where he is from. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Tee Leo Ikoro, who confirmed the incident said the victim is from the Tiv tribe in Benue State. Ikoro, however, said the family of the victim was yet to show up at the police station while the command would commence an investigation immediately the victim and the suspect are conscious. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Rapist beaten to coma  Rapist beaten to coma 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Rapist beaten to coma  Rapist beaten to coma NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!