Ahead of the anticipated  amendment  of the 1999 Constitution, the Senate Committee  saddled with the assignment has said it received 60 Bills and 250 memoranda. Deputy Senate President and Chairman of the Senate Committee on Constitution review, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege  gave the disclosure at a weekend. The occasion was the  retreat organised  to review and analyse memoranda received from Nigerians towards the proposed amendment of the constitution. Agege said the 60 bills emanated from serving senators across party lines, while the 250 memoranda came from members of the public. Senator Omo-Agege told the gathering of his colleagues, senior lawyers, academicians and technical consultants to analyse the memoranda that inputs from the public covered  diverse issues such as  gender equality and affirmative action,  inclusiveness of women, youth and persons with a disability. The other areas are devolution of power to the federating units, local government fiscal autonomy, the unfettered autonomy of the judiciary, and derivation principle. It also included, streamlining of criteria for qualification for participation in elective offices at all levels. According to him, key issues in the memoranda from the public included the creation of states and local governments, restructuring the federation by the review of the derivation principles and legislative powers of the federal, state and local governments. He further tasked the technical committee to work towards finalising the constitution review bill for passage in June 2021, as he noted that   many Nigerians  were anxious to see the outcome of the exercise. He  restated the commitment of  the leadership of the National Assembly  ‘to complete and give Nigerians a reviewed constitution within this legislative term.” Highlights of the retreat were presentations made by experts on increasing participation of women in governance, and recommendations that will support women to seek elective offices at the Local government, state and federal levels. The participants also looked at memoranda, which recommended  constitutional provision for allocation of 35per cent of political positions reserved for female candidates, and gender inclusiveness in the Constitution. The retreat was convened by the Senate  in partnership with National Democratic Institute (NDI) and United Nations  Women, with support of the Government of Sweden and United States Agency for International Development (USAID).  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!