Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger State has said the abducted students of Government Science College Kagara were still with the bandits. He said this when, at about 11:15 pm on Sunday, he received some 53 persons abducted by bandits. The persons included some underaged children, young boys, women and few old men. They were received at the main hall of the Government House, Minna where the governor’s cabinet members and journalists were also awaiting them. The kidnapped victims who were brought in three 18-seater Toyota Hiace buses looked exhausted, malnourished, and were struggling to walk while some of the nursing mother’s held tightly to their little children as they came out one after the other. They were ushered into the hall amidst very tight security involving the police and Civil Defence personnel. Receiving the victims, Governor Abubakar Sani Bello said, “Thank God we have in our midst some 53 abductees of the NSTA bus who have been in the captives of a tremendous trauma as you can see that they are all seated here inside the hall about 53 people in number. Speaking further, the governor said that “they were definitely looking exhausted and malnourished and very dirty,” adding that “at the end of the day we are grateful to God Almighty for guiding us, for protecting them and for showing us the grace to secure their release.” He disclosed that the state government went through one week of dialogue, consultation, hard work and sleepless nights in order to secure their release, stressing that “because we have had to ensure that we ensured that we secured  their release within the shortest possible time.” The governor, however, explained to the gathering that “we still have the students of Science  Secondary School, Kagara in the hands of the captives” assuring that everything was being done to ensure their release soonest. He thereby thanked everyone at this moment that had played one role or the other in their efforts for the release of the 53 persons whose release were secured on Sunday, while thanking their loved ones for the understanding that they have shown in this trying moment for the state and its people. The visibly very happy governor said, “We have made all necessary arrangements to ensure that they go through a very thorough medical therapy and evaluation,” adding that once that was done the government can safely hand them over to their loved ones. Accordingly, he said “It is my prayers that Allah (SWT) guide and protect us. And as you can see they are very tired and I don’t think we should waste much time” noting that the sooner the victims get to their hotels and hospitals, “the better for all of us”. He thereby thanked everyone present at the occasion for their support. The abductees were led out of the hall into the vehicles that brought them into Government House Minna after they were treated to sumptuous meals prepared by the government. Meanwhile, one of the relations of the victims, Alhaji Abubakar Abdulkadri, who disclosed that 19 of his relations were among the abducted victims who regained their freedom on Sunday expressed gratitude to God for His protection over the victims. He also thanked the state government on behalf of other families whose relations were released on Sunday. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided