The impact of COVID19 and its consequences has given rise to the need for effective digital solutions to ensure work doesn’t get halted due to social distancing policies. It also gave rise to online courses to allow people to market their talents as well as to learn new things in life. A lot of businesses failed to sustain themselves and had to lay off their entire staff or downsize temporarily in order to stay afloat. Although with time we have seen a rise in the number of job openings, there are still many who haven’t yet landed a job again. If you are one of those who lost their jobs in the pandemic, you are at the correct place. With this article, we aim to help you monetize your talents and skills. You know what you’re good at, but how do you make money out of it? You need to thoroughly assess your talents and do an in-depth research about all the possible avenues to utilize them. For instance, if you are great at illustration and interested in apparel designing, you can create sketches and upload them online to get designing opportunities. Research and find opportunities that will help you showcase your talent in the best possible way. Make sure to keep yourself updated about the latest trends and developments in the industry you want to progress. This will help you find your niche and give you an edge over others who are in the same situation. When you want to showcase your skills digitally, it is crucial to find your core audience and the most effective way to connect with them. Depending on what you want to pursue, you need to find the right platform available to execute it. For instance, when you are creating an online course, the best way of reaching out to potential learners is building a website. A WordPress website gives quick access to online courses which makes it an ideal platform. Learning Management Systems (LMS) are a popular choice for executing online courses. But it is important to choose the best LMS WordPress plugin for your online learning website so as to easily manage your course content. One of the best ways to start making money based on your skills is to start freelancing in your area of interest. Are you good at writing and have a good vocabulary? Become a freelance writer. Do you have a creative inclination? Start creating art and share your work on social media to spread the word online. This gives you the opportunity to try various things simultaneously and identify what really works for you in the long term. However, you must make sure to build a good work portfolio to present to possible clients whenever you get approached for an assignment. If you don’t have one, be prepared to work on a trial basis for the first few days. The internet is a powerful medium and you must leverage it to your benefit. If you are a creator, use social media platforms to sell your work. A lot of people work from home to create things and sell them online on websites like Amazon or directly through an Instagram page. You can also become a retailer by buying from the correct vendors and selling it online. This allows you to earn a good commission without getting into the hassle of creating something on your own. Conclusion: In 2020, everyone had the opportunity to reflect on their lives and indulge in their hobbies due to the lockdown. For those who lost their jobs, this is a chance to start honing their talents to turn their hustle into a full-fledged business. Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided