In demonstrating its commitment to supporting the Federal Government and the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Pantami’s efforts to drive the National Identity Number (NIN) registration, MTN is exponentially increasing capacity to provide enrolment services across its customer interaction touchpoints pan-Nigeria, rural locations inclusive. At locations where enrolment services have been introduced, alongside its standard COVID-19 safety protocols, MTN has deployed a dynamic on-site appointment booking system designed to limit indoor crowding at its service centres and plans to launch an online version any moment from now. “It will be recalled that following the approval of our NIN enrolment licence from the Nigerian Identity Management Commission (NIMC) in December, MTN commenced enrolment for National Identity Numbers (NIN) at a limited number of its service centres across Nigeria. This forms part of a broader commitment to roll out thousands of enrolment devices across all geo-political zones as earlier stated. “We seek the continued patience and understanding of our esteemed customers and the public as we continue scaling up capacity,” said Ugonwa Nwoye, the Chief Customer Relations Officer for MTN Nigeria. “We are working closely with NIMC and the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy to expand the number of enrolment centres and ensure that they provide an access point for as many Nigerians as possible. “This involves close collaborations between other Mobile Network Operators (MNOS) and NIMC to ensure certification and technical integration is seamless while offering maximum possible protection from COVID-19. “Ensuring that every Nigerian has access to a location where they can enrol in the NIN system, while simultaneously registering their SIM cards, is critical to the expansion and deepening of our digital economy and we are committed to collaborating with government in their efforts to achieve this,” added a statement from the company.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Nigerians Continue To Test Positive, Die Of COVID-19 Complications ― Analysis More Nigerians have continued to test positive for COVID-19 and more deaths have been recorded from its complications, Tribune Online analysis shows. However, Nigeria recorded fewer COVID-19 infections and deaths when compared to the previous week. It also recorded increased recoveries during the same period… NASS resumption: Legislative aides demand payment of salary arrears FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… NASS resumption: Legislative aides demand payment of salary arrears Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided