THE Kogi State Commissioner of Finance, Budget and Economic Planning, Mukadam Asiwaju Asiru Idris had signed two separate subsidiary loan agreements on behalf of the Kogi State Government, with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and World Bank yesterday in Abuja. The  World Bank and  International Fund for Agricultural Development loans of $62m and $10m respectively signed  by the Kogi State Government is for Rural Roads, Agriculture Market and Value Chain Development The IFAD assisted Value Chain Development  Programme is an agricultural initiative aimed at reducing rural poverty, enhance food security among the poor households and promote economic growth on a sustainable basis. The programme is essentially on the production, processing and marketing of rice and cassava in targeted LGAs in the state. The programme is made up of three basic components which are: Agricultural Market development, to support value addition, market linkages and support to market infrastructure and to build a very strong agro business and value chain orientation to farmers in rural communities. The other component is Smaller productivity enhancement while the third programme is management and coordination. The World Bank loan for Rural Access and Agricultural Marketing Project(RAAMP) will upgrade over 500kilometres of rural roads, improve agro-logistics centres as well as enhance connectivity and access to local markets and agribusiness services in the State. The project is to be jointly funded by the World Bank, French Development Agency and the Government of Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… | police helicopter to Oyo | police helicopter to Oyo | police helicopter to Oyo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!