A Fire outbreak has destroyed millions worth of goods having struck a warehouse market located at the Iddo area of Lagos State. Tribune Online gathered that the Warehouse contained combustible materials such as candle, batteries, Polish, cello tape etc. The Director-General, LASEMA, Dr Osanyipeju, noted that no lives lost nor casualties recorded as it started at 5 pm, on Sunday, and lasted for a while. “The agency activated its response team to the above scene to discover a fire which was caused by a power surge when electricity was restored. “While there appears to be no loss of life, the agency is working alongside the Lagos and Federal Fire Services to control the fire and curtail the extensive spread of the flames.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Goods worth millions of naira destroyed as fire razes warehouse in Lagos 100 Nigerians Die Of COVID-19 Complications In Seven Days Last week, Nigeria recorded 100 new COVID-19 deaths which is the highest since the beginning of the second wave, Tribune Online analysis reveals. The data also showed that the tally of 100 deaths last week shows there is a sharp increase when compared to the 69 deaths recorded in the previous week… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Goods worth millions of naira destroyed as fire razes warehouse in Lagos SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!