Gunmen suspected to be cultists have attacked a popular business settlement along Erepa Road in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, killing one Auwal Bashir and injuring four others in a drive-by shooting. According to sources, the gunmen allegedly came in an unmarked Toyota Camry car and shot at residents in the area that is densely populated at about 12:30 am. A resident who did not wish to be mentioned told Nigerian Tribune that the attack may be connected to a cult-related clash, saying that the area is popular for harbouring notorious cultists. The police in a statement signed and issued by its Public Relations Officer, Asinim Butswat, urged the public to remain calm as the command has launched an investigation into the drive-by shooting. Part of the statement read, “On 22 February 2021 at about 2130 hours unknown gunmen suspected to be cultists in an unmarked Toyota Camry car shot at some residents in front of their shop at Erepa and zoomed off. “Policemen responded swiftly and rescued five victims to the hospital. However, one Auwal Bashir who was fatally injured died in the hospital. The other victims are responding to treatment at the Federal Medical Centre, Yenagoa. “The suspected cultists proceeded to Agudama Epie at about 2145 hours and shot at one Paul Marcus Ivinbeke ‘m’ 23 years in a shop. The victim was rushed to Tobis Hospital, Akenfa where he eventually died. “The Commissioner of Police Bayelsa State Command CP Mike Okoli, has ordered police detectives to fish out the hoodlums who perpetrated this dastardly act and appeals to members of the public to volunteer useful information that will assist the command in its investigation.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided