Former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, described the late first civilian governor of Lagos State, Alhaji Lateef Jakande, as a true democrat and journalists of repute. Obasanjo in a condolence letter written to Jakande’s widow, Abimbola, said Jakande worked tirelessly for the unity of the nation. He noted too that the deceased served the country principally through journalism and through newspaper management before becoming an active politician. “He served this nation principally through journalism and through newspaper management before becoming an active politician. It must not be forgotten that he served as an Editor of the Nigerian Tribune at a stage in his career where he acquitted himself as a positively-minded, focused and imaginative personality. Indeed, he steered the company to editorial credibility and profitability and this has remained a reference point in the history of the organisation till today. It is with similar verve and energy that he pursued his work at John West Publications which was established by him to publish The Lagos News. “He was a master of the craft of column-writing. He also helped in the professional re-orientation of the younger generation of journalists in all the media organisations he had found himself. “He would be remembered as a fine journalist and one that was greatly admired by the general public and his peers as a straight-forward and complete gentleman majorly. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE More Nigerians Continue To Test Positive, Die Of COVID-19 Complications ― Analysis More Nigerians have continued to test positive for COVID-19 and more deaths have been recorded from its complications, Tribune Online analysis shows. However, Nigeria recorded fewer COVID-19 infections and deaths when compared to the previous week. It also recorded increased recoveries during the same period… Jakande, a great patriot, says Obasanjo FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Jakande, a great patriot, says Obasanjo SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided