Abductors of 46-year-old tipper lorry owner in Ilorin, Kwara State, Alhaji Musa Garba Atere, that was reportedly kidnapped on Tuesday morning have demanded N30 million ransom from his family for his release. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that Atere was kidnapped around 6:00 am on Tuesday along Ogundele/Madi road in Ilorin West Local Government Area to an unknown destination. When contacted, one of the victim’s family members said the abductors called his wife demanding for ransom, saying that: “They insisted that N30 million must be paid before her husband could get freedom from their captivity.” It was gathered that the victim was on his way to General Hospital, Ilorin along with his wife and his eight-year-old daughter who is critically sick and in need of medical treatment. Unconfirmed reports said the abductors ambushed the victim around Kambi in Moro local government area of the state. While narrating her ordeal, wife of the victim, who would not want her name in print, said the kidnappers numbering six, blocked their way and demanded money. “We gave them all in our possession in order to avoid maltreatment but they later took my husband through a nearby bush. “I stand helplessly watching my husband being dragged into the bush and crying for help as no one was around to assist,” she lamented. According to one of the victim’s friends who claimed anonymity, he said that the incident has been reported at Adewole police station for further investigation. By the time of filing this report, the whereabouts of the victim was yet to be known. Speaking on the development, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the state Police Command, Ajayi Okasanmi, confirmed the story, saying that the command was already investigating the matter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided