Prospective home owners/seekers in Lagos have received a boost in their options for modern, family-friendly homes with the start of sales of Universal One, a 576-unit apartment complex at Alaro City in the Lekki Free Zone. The apartments are being developed by Messrs Universal Homes, an award-winning residential community developer with British, American and New Zealand investors. Features of the apartments include open-plan living rooms with expansive balconies, contemporary kitchens with polished granite worktops, wooden teak textured ceramic tiles, 100L solar water heating, smoke detectors and white UV wardrobes. Speaking about the project, Executive Director of Universal Homes, John Latham, said the firm chose Alaro City due to its experience with Rendeavour, the developers of Alaro City in partnership with Lagos State Government. He stated that firm would be bringing its high-quality, accessibly priced apartments to Nigeria, in partnership with Alaro City. “We are pleased to play a role in advancing the housing agenda of Lagos State and to be a pioneer residential development in the Lekki Free Zone, surrounded by amenities like shops, schools and healthcare,” he said, adding that the company had developed 1,500 homes in Kenya at Tatu City. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Alaro City, Odunayo Ojo, said  that Universal One would serve as a model for inclusive urban development in Nigeria, which he described as “a representation of the kind of forward-thinking initiatives usually associated with Alaro City.” He said that Alaro City itself was a demonstration of the Lagos State Government’s successful partnerships with private sector investors to address critical public infrastructural needs. Going by the success of Universal Homes at Alaro City’s sister development, Tatu City, he boasted that Universal One would serve as a model for international quality and accessibly priced homes in Lagos. Ojo said, “We are thankful for the support of the Executive Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, who continues to show the government’s commitment to the Lekki Free Zone project, particularly for the on-going expansion and rehabilitation works being done on the Lekki-Epe expressway, which will be transformational for the entire axis”. Alaro City is a mixed-income, city-scale development with master-planned areas for offices, logistics and warehousing, homes, schools, healthcare facilities, hotels, entertainment and 150 hectares of parks and open spaces. Already, more than 35 companies are operational, designing or building their facilities in Alaro City, and 3.5km of initial road networks and a modular 50MVA power plant are under construction.  SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is the most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Alleged fraud: Arraignment of former Aviation Minister, Stella Oduah, stalled Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided