The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, on Monday ordered full enforcement of the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Health Protection Regulations Executive Order 2021 signed into law recently by President Muhammadu Buhari and aimed at curbing further spread of the dreaded virus in the country. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, a commissioner of police. It stated that the directive was given to the Assistant Inspectors General of Police in the 17 Zonal Commands and their constituent Commissioners of Police in the 36 states and the FCT, Abuja. According to the statement, “they are to ensure full compliance with the regulations in their respective areas of responsibilities. “Such designated public include places of worship, workplace and schools, banks, public transport vehicles, hostels, boarding houses, detention centres amongst others and general restrictions on gatherings as well as the use of face mask.” According to the statement, “the IGP, while noting that the uncertainty and risks engendered by the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic have placed additional responsibilities on the general public, calls on citizens to voluntarily comply with the provisions of the regulations for the safety of all.” It further added that the IGP, however, cautioned policemen enforcing the regulations to show tact, compassion and empathy with the citizens while they must be firm and professional and at the same time remain polite, civil and respect the fundamental rights of the citizens. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… | wearing of face masks | wearing of face masks | wearing of face masks | wearing of face masks SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!