The police in Lagos State have arrested 58 suspects in connection with the violent clashes between different gangs on Lagos Island. The arrest on the criminals followed Sunday’s attack on the Agarawu area of the state by hoodlums who hacked a resident of the area to death. The image maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi confirmed the arrest to Tribune Online in a statement signed by him on Tuesday. Adejobi also stated that the arrested suspects included 53 males which included four elderly persons and five females. Adejobi in the statement said, “The Lagos State Police Command has intensified efforts to sanitise and restore normalcy to the Agarawu, Ita Faaji, Igbosere and other areas on the Lagos Island which have been under the siege of miscreants and gangsters.” He continued that “The command despatched a team comprised RRS, Taskforce, Police Mobile Force, Lagos State Neighborhood Safety Corps and other local security outfits, under the command of ACP Bode Ojajuni, the Area Commnader Area A, Lion Building, to go after the bad boys in the areas which eventually led to the arrest of 58 suspects on Monday, 8th February 2021 at about 8pm. “The miscreants and gangsters in the areas have severally attacked and damaged peoples properties while some allegedly lost their lives to their various criminal activities.” The police image maker also continued that “The Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu, has deemed it necessary and imperative to raise a formidable team to carry out sting operations on the island to restore normalcy to the affected areas.” The commissioner of police has directed that the suspects be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba for proper investigation and prosecution. He also warned and assured that the command will not relent on its oars in making sure that the Lagos Island and the state generally are free of gangsterism, hooliganism and crimes YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided