NATIONAL President of The Apostolic Church of Nigeria, Pastor Sampson Igwe, has said that Nigeria needs God-fearing leaders to surmount all the challenges besetting the country. Igwe explained that the country’s rich endowment would be effectively managed and development would be achieved with God-fearing men at the helm. The cleric stated this on Thursday in Lagos while announcing the church’s seventh Quadrennial National Convention themed ‘I Will Heal Your Land’. Igwe appealed to leaders to learn to be God-fearing in order to be able to record real achievements that would translate to improved quality of life for Nigerians. He said: “All we need to surmount the challenges confronting this country are God-fearing leaders. “Nigeria is in a serious situation, considering the issues of banditry, kidnapping, robbery and all other forms of social vices in the country. “This country has been so richly endowed by God and for there to be meaningful development that will translate to good standard of living for the people, we need God-fearing leaders. “I, therefore, appeal to the leaders to attend to the insecurity threatening our existence as a nation.” Meanwhile, Pastor Emmanuel Awojide, vice president of the church, expressed optimism in God to turnaround the country’s current situation, saying he is the healer of the nation, while noting that the Church should work in tandem to solve societal problems. “We lack good governance in this nation and that is why the country’s security situation is porous. “The nation is sick but there is hope that only hope can come from God as he is the healer of the nation. “On the part of the church, except the Lord keep the city those that keep it keep in vain. The church should work in tandem to solve the societal problems,” Awojide said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!