Kano State government has announced plans to float a Mass Transit Service with 200 buses in the metropolitan area as part of efforts to create an integrated transport system for the emerging megacity. The measure is aimed at lessening the suffering of commuters in the absence of a strong private transport system as well as to check the excesses of tricycle operators whose reckless driving has become a nuisance in traffic management and control. This was contained in a statement signed by the state commissioner for Information, Malam Muhammad Garba, a copy made available on Sunday to newsmen. He said Governor Abdullahi Ganduje had directed the engagement of private investors and the state Transport Authority (KASTA) for the immediate supply of 100 buses for the commencement of the first phase of the programme before the end of the year. Malam Garba also disclosed that it was also part of the state government plan to reforming the transport system and management of transport infrastructure to meet the demand of the teeming population. The commissioner stated that in recognizing the need to improve the transport sector, the state government is envisioned to provide a strategic planning platform to address transportation needs of the metropolis. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [TRENDING] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… TRENDING: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided