The vicar, Saint Paul’s Anglican Church, Odo Ona Apata and the archdeacon of Odo-Ona Archdeaconry, Ibadan, Oyo State, Diocese of Ibadan South, Venerable Dr Isaac Jesulola, has said that some religious leaders are shying away from telling the truth to those holding public offices at the government level due to their selfish interests. He cautioned both the government and the citizens against actions that are capable of leading the country into crisis, noting that the consequences of inflammatory acts may be damning and disastrous. Jesulola spoke during a world press conference organised by church as part of programmes marking its 110th patronal celebration. Jesulola, who noted that the problem of insecurity in the land is more than what many people see, however expressed concern that those in positions of authority had failed to resolve salient issues about the nation’s existence. Rather than tell the truth to power, he said, most religious leaders seek personal gains at the expense of the generality of the public. Speaking on the topic, ‘Education and scriptural trainings: An inseparable panacea to moral decadence in our society,’ the cleric lamented that the Nigerian State had taken child education with levity for too long and had downplayed the importance of moral and spiritual knowledge. He said, “church is not afraid to speak the truth but government is more convenient with those who would go cap in hand to beg for favour and then tell them lies. Orthodox churches are not in that category. When it is time for truth, we always say it as it is. “The problem of insecurity is more than we see it. Fundamental issues such as true federalism must be looked into; the problem with our constitution is also fundamental. “Lives are being lost everyday; our women are being kidnapped and raped everyday,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: Nigeria Back Into Recession, Worst Since 1987 Nigeria is back into a recession. This time, it is the worst the country has experienced since 1987… ICYMI: Salami Panel Wants Magu, Other Policemen In EFCC Removed President Muhammadu Buhari has received the report of the judicial commission of inquiry on the investigation of Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), headed by Justice Ayo Salami (retd)… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!