Longest-serving lecturer of foreign nationality in the University of Ibadan (UI), Mr Nigel Henry, is dead. Nigel Henry, a British, died on Sunday, at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. Until his passage, Henry was a lecturer in the Department of Classics and taught every current member of staff of the department. Among his students are, the current Dean of Students of the university, Prof ‘Keye Abiona and the incumbent Executive Governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki who graduated in 1979. Director of Public Communication, University of Ibadan, Olatunji Oladejo, said the university is saddened at the loss of the only longest serving expatriate in the university. His death comes after over four decades nurturing students in the various sub-disciplines of Classics, especially in Greek and Latin languages and literature. News of Nigel’s death had been announced, on Sunday, in a statement by the Department of Classics in the University. The statement read in part, “With a deep sense of sorrow the Department of Classics announces the passing of Mr Nigel Henry which regrettable event occurred on the night of January 30, 2021, at the University College Hospital, Ibadan. “Mr Henry, our longest-serving academic member of staff, who spent over four decades nurturing students in the various sub-disciplines of Classics, especially in Greek and Latin languages and literature, was an outstanding student of the highest order. “He took the M.A. (Classics) with First Class Honours (1969 – 73) from the University of St. Andrews, and the B. Phil in Classics (1973 – 75) from the University of Oxford. “Mr Henry brought to Ibadan the best traditions of Classical scholarship, having been taught by such eminently acclaimed scholars like Sir Kenneth Dover and Prof. Hugh Lloyd- Jones. “Every current member of staff of the Department is a former student of Mr Henry.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE UI mourns death of its longest-serving foreign lecturer Nigeria Recorded Slight Reduction In COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. This reduction doesn’t mean the country is close to flattening the curve of the COVID-19 pandemic. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!