Ugandan opposition leader Bobi Wine on Monday filed a legal challenge in the country’s supreme court. His party’s lawyer said Wine was seeking cancellation of the results of January presidential election that handed victory to incumbent Yoweri Museveni. The former guerrilla leader, who has led the East African country since 1986, was declared winner of the Jan. 14 election, with 59 per cent of the votes, while Wine was given 35 per cent. “We want the poll cancelled and repeated,” said George Musisi, lawyer for Wine’s National Unity Platform (NUP). Wine, 38, a pop star and lawmaker, rejected the results and said he believed his victory was stolen. Musisi said Wine was asking the court to overturn the results on multiple grounds including widespread use of violence. “There was outright ballot-stuffing, there was intimidation of NUP agents and supporters, some were arrested on the eve of the election, there was pre-ticking of ballots,” he said. Wine, whose real name is Robert Kyagulanyi, exploited his youthful energy and a widespread Ugandan love of music to build up a large followership among young people and present a formidable challenge to Museveni. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE INEC Lists Five Challenges Ahead Of 2023 Elections AS politicians step up horse-trading ahead of subsequent elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has listed five main areas of likely challenges… Who Succeeds IGP Mohammed Adamu? As the February retirement date of the incumbent Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu draws near, there are varying permutations on who steps in as the new police boss. SUNDAY ADEPOJU writes on the suspense over the… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!