As a follow up to the meeting convened by the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) led by its National Chairman, Mai Buni Mala, governor of Yobe State to reconcile the two factions in Zamfara State, Senator Kabir Marafa has said he and his group are ready for genuine reconciliation. Recall, the Former Governor, Abdul-Azeez Yari and Senator Kabir Marafa were at loggerheads paving way for the emergence of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to assume power after the Supreme Court judgment in the state. Addressing his party supporters, Marafa who is leading the APC Mai Jama’a,( APC of the grassroots) today in Kaduna told his party supporters that, ‘You will recall that the chairman of the caretaker committee of our party, His Excellency, Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State had on Monday in Abuja met with me and other stakeholders of our party from Zamfara State to address the lingering crisis in our state chapter. “At the meeting, we all agreed and reasoned to come together and work for the benefit of our people. “The party is ours and we have worked and laboured for its growth. “In fulfilment of that pledge, we have convened this meeting with all the critical stakeholders of our faction, from all the 14 local government areas of Zamfara State to actualise the reconciliation move initiated by the party in Abuja. “As peace-loving and loyal party members, we are ready for a genuine reconciliation, where all will be carried along in the scheme of things in the party at all levels. “As you all know, ours is not a one-man-show, it is a movement, involving millions of Zamfara people who are satisfied with our leadership. “At this meeting, we will brief our members about the Abuja meeting and the next line of action which is genuine reconciliation. It is our hope that the two factions of APC in Zamfara State are merged. After this meeting, we will look at the possibility of meeting with the Yari’s faction on the way forward. “We will extend hands of fellowship to the Yari’s faction with sincerity. We will make demands for genuine reconciliation. “ln our religion, reconciliation is very important, he declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Marafa meets critical stakeholders  Marafa meets critical stakeholders 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Marafa meets critical stakeholders  Marafa meets critical stakeholders NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!!