The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned Friday’s abduction of over 300 students of Girl’s Science Secondary School, Jangebe in Zamfara State, by suspected bandits, tasking President Muhammadu Buhari to deal decisively with the escalated scourge.” Reacting to the incident in a statement issued by Kola Ologbondiyan, National Publicity Secretary, the main opposition party lamented that the terrifying spate of abduction and acts of terrorism in the country validates concerns that the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its administration have become bereft of solutions to the escalated insecurity under their watch. The PDP demanded an immediate full-scale investigation into this particular abduction giving some worrisome reports in the public space. It maintained that is further alarmed by the current situation wherein outlaws have turned the kidnapping of innocent school children and other vulnerable citizens for ransom, into a lucrative business following the “lethargic approach and compromises under the Buhari administration in the fight against terrorism in our country.” The party added: “Only last week, gunmen had a field day invading communities after communities in Niger State, killing and maiming our compatriots after which they descended on Government Secondary School, Kagara where they killed a student and abducted 40 others alongside their teachers. “In December, just two months ago, the nation was jolted when gunmen invaded President Buhari’s home state, Katsina, at the time he was holidaying in the state and abducted over 600 students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara. “Indeed, our party weeps over the unfortunate situation that our nation is being plunged into by the incompetent, deceptive and uncoordinated APC and its administration that not only caused the escalation of acts of terrorism in our country but also failed to run an effective command structure to secure the nation.” The statement recalled that the PDP had earlier alerted “of a link between the APC and the outlaws,” adding, “It is unpardonable that the APC has failed to stop their bandits, who they brought from neighbouring countries to help them muscle the 2019 election. Instead, they had allowed them to continue to invade our communities and wreak havoc on our people.” The party, therefore, charged President Buhari to step out of the Aso Rock presidential villa and ensure the immediate rescue of the abducted students. “Mr President should also do the needful, as the commander-in-chief, to put an end to this high-level insecurity under his watch, before our nation is consumed in his hands,” the statement declared. The PDP assured that it identifies with the families of the abducted children as well as the victims of “the worsened insecurity occasioned by the failures of the Buhari administration and urge all Nigerians to remain at alert, strong and not resign to despondency.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…PDP asks Buhari  PDP asks Buhari 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..PDP asks Buhari  PDP asks Buhari NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided