SIMAN Engineering Limited has taken its intervention in renewable energy to Kano and will open a branch in the city on Wednesday, February 10. According to SIMAN Engineering CEO, Chief Anita Nana Okuribido this is part of the expansion plan for the company in the green growth of Nigeria and West Africa. It is also part of the company’s efforts to reach the nooks and crannies of the country with renewable energy solutions for individuals,  companies and more. Over the years, Chief Okuribido and her team have helped to proffer solutions to the myriad of rural communities challenges and bottlenecks in the renewable energy sector. For her, renewable energy is the way out of energy poverty which has faced as a woman. She said she strongly believes renewable energy would help the nation move forward and ensure that there is supply of electricity with energy efficiency. This will help to reduce energy poverty in Nigeria, help to reduce carbon emissions and mitigate climate change in Nigeria. Dr (Mrs) Amina Abdulahi Umar Ganduje, the First Lady of Kano State will be attending the occasion as the special guest of honour. Also to grace the event are the commissioners of Women Affairs, Education and Youth and Sports of Kano State and general manager of Jaiz Bank. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided