An 18-year-old musician, Sanni Goriola Wasiu popularly known as Lil Frosh has been arrested and arraigned before a Yaba Magistrates’ Court for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Okeoghene Taiwo Iyomaterie. It would be recalled that the rapper was invited by the operative of Federal Criminal Investigation and  Intelligence Department (FCIID), Alagbon on Thursday, February 4, 2021, for interrogation after he had allegedly beaten his girlfriend to a pulp and recording her nakedness. It also learnt that the victim, Iyomaterie, disclosed that Sanni had been her friend since January 2020, but anytime they had a disagreement it had always resulted in violent attacks. She said that the recent attack happened in September 2020 when he attacked her and rained blows on her head with bruises on her face. “He consistently slapped my face, kicking, pushing me on the other sensitive part. “I partially lost my sight and had with sleepless night,” she continued. “He repeatedly boasted time and time again that since he is a well-known musician; he is untouchable,” she said. Iyomaterie added that his consistent action led to his arrest and detention by the police. The arraignment was facilitated by the International Association of Women Lawyers (FIDA), Lagos State branch. He pleaded not guilty to the one-count charge of assault. There was no representation and as such bail could not be granted. The magistrate ordered that he should be remanded in Ikoyi prison until bail is granted while the matter was adjourned to March 9, 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Cryptocurrecy: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… ICYMI: Yoruba, Hausa Teachers Needed In US The US Embassy and Consulate in Nigeria has announced that the services of Yoruba and Hausa teachers are needed in the United States. According to the Public Affairs Section of the US Mission Nigeria… Controversy Over Man Who Jumped From 7th Floor Of 1004 During EFCC Raid The police in Lagos State have begun investigations into the circumstances surrounding the alleged death of a man at 1004 Estate, Victoria Island, who allegedly jumped from the 7th floor of one of the buildings. The man was… SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided