REGISTRAR, Medical Rehabilitation Therapist Board of Nigeria (MRTB), Dr Olufunke Akanle says it is a great concern that five physiotherapists had died from COVID-19 and between 50 and 100 others contracted the virus since the pandemic started. Dr Akanle, inducting 31 physiotherapists into the profession at the University of Ibadan on Tuesday, said that it was important that the new interns and health workers generally keep to all the rules stipulated by the NCDC to protect themselves and their clients. The MRTB registrar said that COVID-19 had before now prevented the induction of the new physiotherapists as a new workforce to contribute to the health force of the country, just as he urged them to respect the oath of the profession. Acting Vice-chancellor, University of Ibadan, Professor Babatunde Ekanola asked them to make use of the knowledge acquired from the university. Ekanola, represented by the provost, Ibadan College of Medicine, Professor Olayinka Omigbodun, said they need to continue on their professional development. The acting vice-chancellor, while saying that physiotherapists were central in the medical team, urged the new inductees to focus on the development of the larger community. President, Ibadan College of Medicine Alumini Association (ICOMAA), Professor Dipo Otolorin, urged them against inter-professional rivalry which had negatively impacted the health of patients. He, however, advocated that government at all levels should increase funding of social services, saying that was the only way to ensure education, health, physical and food security and job creation that are critical ingredients for peace and security in the country. He stated that despite efforts at mitigating the effects of COVID-19, more commitment was still required by the government to reverse medical tourism and ensure equitable health care for all Nigerians. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE #EndSARS: As British Parliament Hears Petition, UK Govt Says It Won’t Speculate On Sanctions The British Parliament at the Westminster Hall held a debate on ‘e-petition 554150, relating to Nigeria and the sanctions regime’ on Monday. The government of the United Kingdom has however responded…Escalating boundary clashes  Escalating boundary clashes 2023 Presidency: APC Govs’ Meeting With Jonathan Sparks Controversy The surprise visit made on Friday night by the leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to former President Goodluck Jonathan at his residence in Abuja triggered a stir in the major political camps, resulting in at least four possible theories..Escalating boundary clashes  Escalating boundary clashes NIGERIAN TRIBUNE SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE TO GET IT!!! Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided