A maritime lawyer and Senior Partner at Akabogu & Associates has criticized the recent slash in Customs Duty payable on automobiles from 35 per cent to five per cent, stating that the duty slash should be made across the board and not on selected automobiles. In a statement posted on his official LinkedIn page, Akabogu explained that “Last Thursday the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) released a much-expected circular for the implementation of the Finance Act 2020 provisions purporting to reduce import duties payable on automobiles. “Contrary to what most assume, import duty has not been reduced for cars. The Finance Act and the implementation circular reduced import duties for agricultural tractors, vehicles that transport more than 10 persons and vehicles for the transport of goods. Import duty for cars remains the same (35 per cent), while import levy which exists for brand new cars is reduced to five per cent. So if you want to import a brand new car today, your cumulative duty and levy will be 40 per cent, while for ‘tokunbo’, it will be 35 per cent. “My interest in this issue is from maritime industry development and trade facilitation perspectives. No doubt, the reduced import duties are a major step forward in pushing the agenda for more inclusiveness in that economic space. However, my submission is that the reductions do not go far enough for the purpose of achieving trade facilitation and maritime industry development. “Amongst some other reasons, high import duties constitute one of the key drivers of car smuggling, which impacts economic activity in Nigerian ports negatively. Contrary to official theories, high import duties do not necessarily translate to increased Customs revenues from imported cars; it rather fuels smuggling through neighbouring countries and the vehicles end up paying no official duties. In addition, the port economy is robbed of terminal storage and handling income in addition to the cluster of support services that rely on car imports value-chain. “From a trade facilitation point of view, the vehicles imported through Nigerian ports are made to remain in the ports for long periods of time due to inability of importers to clear, accumulating demurrage and disrupting the import process for other imports. “If the government thought it fit to reduce import duties on automobiles, it should have been across the board, not the discriminatory application which has been seen. Simply, the import duty reduction for automobiles has not gone far enough.” Recall that the NCS in a circular issued on February 18, 2021, with reference number NCS/T&T/DCG/HQ/S.52/Vol 2 signed by the Deputy Comptroller General of Customs, Tariff and Trade, DCG Isa Talatu informed all Area Commands and Federal Operations Unit to comply officially with the implementation of the Federal Government policy on reduction of import duties for vehicles. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria’s COVID-19 Infections, Recoveries, Deaths Dropped Last Week Nigeria recorded a slight reduction in the number of COVID-19 infections, recoveries and deaths last week, Tribune Online analysis shows. Last week (February 14 to 20), 5,849 new cases were reported in the country, the lowest in seven weeks. The last time Nigeria recorded such a low figure was in the December 27 to January 2 week, when it reported 5,681 cases… FG Owes Varsity Workers Over N150bn Earned Allowances The Federal Government is owing the university workers, under the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) and the Non-Academic Union of Universities and Associated Institutions (NASU), over N150 billion earned allowances… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently… Nigeria Is Stronger Together Than Being Apart ― Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has admonished that despite differences in religion, ethnicity, political affiliations, or other diversities, Nigerians of all generations and from all walks of life must endeavour to commit to ensuring Nigeria’s unity because the nation is stronger together than apart…  Jobs! Jobs!! Jobs!!!. Click on this link to register and get employed working and earning from home, we pay weekly directly to your designated bank account provided