A prominent leader of the Ijaw nation and Prime Minister of Tuomo Kingdom in Burutu Local Government Area, Delta State, Chief Mike Loyibo, has sued for calm between the Ijaw and Urhobo ethnic nationalities of Delta South and Central Senatorial Districts over who succeeds Governor Ifeanyi Okowa come 2023. Loyibo made the plea when Delta Central 2023, DC-23, led by Chief Ighoyota Amori, paid him a visit in his Tuomo country home on Saturday to solicit the support of the Ijaw nation for the Urhobo governorship quest. He said Governor Okowa, as a leader of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, has a role to play on who succeeds him in 2023 but still seeking God’s face. Noting that the DC-23 has a very valid argument that an Urhobo should succeed Governor Okowa, he told the Urhobos to be patient with the governor to give a headway on where the next governor should come from. “The DC-23 has a very valid argument. But the Ijaw Governorship is rooted in every Ijaw man. There is only one Shepherd and the Governor is the current Shepherd of the PDP political family in Delta State,” he noted. Loyibo, who also feasted over 3,000 persons including traditional chiefs across the Ijaw nation in a ceremony to mark Governor Okowa’s 62nd birthday on the same occasion, appealed for patience. “I am a follower and believer of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa. The governor has told me that he is still praying. “So I want to appeal to all of us to be patient and wait for the outcome of that prayer because I believe that the prayer will be answered. “Whatever the governor decides, I will fully support. I’m not a man that can be intimidated by anyone. What I say, I have the capacity and resources to back it,” he enthused. Meanwhile, the National Chairman of DC-23, Chief Ighoyota Amori, who spoke earlier, urged the Ijaw nation to jettison their governorship pursuit and allow Urhobo to emerge, based on the principle of power rotation among the three Senatorial Districts in the State. “I have been in this politics since the beginning. I was the General Overseer of the Chief James Ibori political family. Everyone that has become governor after Chief James Ibori, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan and Dr Ifeanyi Okowa are my brothers from the same family. “We know that all the times, people from all over the state have always contested for the governorship position. But always, it is only the one favoured by divine intervention, based on the principle of zoning that always emerge. “The governorship zoning has never been on ethnicity bases but on Senatorial bases. If you believe you can lay claim to it, the Isoko man is from the South, he can claim it too. The Ndokwa man can say it is Ika that went it should be our turn now. “We are not here to stop you or here to force you because it is your right, but we have come to appeal to you to allow us to go and when it is your turn, we will support you and that time no Urhobo man will raise his head to contest,” Amori pleaded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement.Delta 2023: Ijaw leader drums support for Urhobo, sues for calm Delta 2023: Ijaw leader drums support for Urhobo, sues for calm