A human rights activist based in Kogi State, Chief Haruna Ahmed Osike has appealed to  President Muhammadu Buhari not to be distracted in his quest to revitalise the Ajaokuta Steel Industry located in the state. Osike made the appeal in Okene, Kogi State on Sunday while speaking against the backdrop of Global Steel Holdings Limited, an Indian firm that recently took the Federal Government to world court over the failed concession of the steel company. He alleged that some Nigerians who do not wish the steel industry to function due to their personal interests were working with the Indian company to delay the effort of President Buhari in reviving the ailing Ajaokuta Steel. He noted that such actions can not discourage the president in his plans to industrialise the nation through the revitalisation of the Ajaokuta Steel Industry. “The saboteurs are just wasting their time because the time has come for any sensitive government to look inward in order to galvanise the nation’s economy. “President Buhari should not allow detractors who do not mean well for the country to discourage him from actualising his campaign promise for Kogi people and Nigerians, that before his eight years in the saddle of leadership of this country, he will complete the Ajaokuta Steel Company, commission and operationalise it. “Achieving that feat, and in other rolling mills in the country such as Alaja, Katsina, Jos steel and Osogbo steel rolling mills will pick up and add value to the economy of the country. “Our naira today is devalued because the nation no longer exports anything to boost foreign exchange. “I am optimistic that with the support and commitment of the National Assembly, the Minister of Iron and steel Mr Olamilekan Adegbite and other concerned Nigerians, the Russian engineers will soon come to Nigeria to do the needful and put the steel company in the right place of operation,” he stated. He commended the effort of the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, and the Sole Administrator of Ajaokuta Steel Company, Sumaila Abdul-Akaba for their efforts in ensuring that the moribund integrated steel plant comes back to life. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!