Oja Oba/ Mapo Court C Customary Court, Mapo, Ibadan, Oyo State, recently dissolved the wedlock between a couple, Tunde Kamardeen and his wife, Iyabo Karmardeen. Tunde approached the court, praying that it end the relationship between him and his wife on the grounds that she has refused that he had rest of mind adding that she was bent on killing him. Babatunde alleged that Iyabo once attempted to get rid of him by putting poison in the water he wanted to drink. He added that at another time she drew a knife at him in the middle of the night. The plaintiff explained that the defendant was in the habit of complaining and nagging. According to him, she always finds fault in all that he does. Tunde also stated that Iyabo was a thief. The plaintiff told the court he now had health challenges as a result of Iyabo’s  numerous atrocities. Tunde apart from divorce sought the custody of their only child in order that he might inculcate in him the right values. Iyabo acceded to divorce stating that her life has been miserable since she got married to her husband. The defendant explained that her husband spent his earnings on liquour. According to Iyabo, Tunde drinks himself to stupour on regular basis and would lose his senses. The defendant stated that she was always his victim at instances like this. Iyabo said Tunde would pounce on her and descend on her with blows. She stated that she had always spent through the nose seeking medical attention as a result of the injuries she received  any time he beat her. Tunde said, “My lord, I regret every day of my marriage to Iyabo. I enjoy no peace or rest in our journey so far. “Iyabo does not love me. She hates me and all she wants is that I die. “My wife constantly fights me. She raises issue over trivial issues and would turn the whole house upside down. “I hate to go home after the day’s business because I know it will be too hot to offer me any comfort. “Iyabo has inflicted injuries on me at different occasions while fighting me. My body bears the scars of these injuries. They are part of my proof,” the plaintiff said. He added that, “My wife once put poison in my water. I am sure she must have been rejoicing as she watched me gulp down the water. But to her chagrin, nothing happened to me apart from the unpleasant taste I felt on my tongue for some time. “My lord, not giving up, Iyabo drew a knife at me during an argument in the middle of the night. She would have stabbed me to death if I did not overpower her. “Her complaint that night was that I always refused that she had her way and that she would no more take such from me. “Iyabo is a thief and a bad example to our child. “She regularly steals my hard earned money from the safe in the living room and has refused to desist from doing so despite confronting her about this times without number. “My lord, Iyabo will kill me if I remain with her in our union. “I plead with this honourable court to end our union and grant me custody of our only child so that I can inculcate in him the right values,” Tunde begged. Iyabo stated that, “I can’t wait to leave my husband. He has battered me enough. I go to the hospital on regular basis as a result of the severe beatings I receive from him and this cost me money. “Tunde is reckless. He drinks himself to stupour and loses his senses. “He will pounce on me when he is in this state and rain punches on me. “My lord, I can’t take this any more. I agree to divorce, “the defendant stated. Giving his judgment, the court president, Chief  Ademola Odunade, dissolved their union and awarded custody of their only child to the plaintiff. Both were advised to maintain peace.