Bauchi State Government has declared that so far it has saved the sum of N500m from the ongoing staff verification to fish and flush out ghost workers in the civil service. The disclosure was made by the State Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, while flagging off distribution of employment items at the Ganjuwa LGA Secretariat in Kafin Madaki on Tuesday. Bala Mohammed said that the money was saved from what will have gone to individual pockets in the name of ghost workers stressing that the issue has seriously crippled programs of governance in the state. The governor then said that the money will be used to employed new civil servants to replace those who have either retired or are dead emphasising, however, that more attention will be paid to adequate staffing of the health sector of the state. He said that “paucity of funds is our major problem as we are striving to provide effective service delivery for the development of the state. We met a dilapidated state, the economy was bad, nothing was working but we are doing our best to get things back in order. The Governor then assured the people of Bauchi State that his administration will continue to serve them by providing the best possible infrastructure for the development of the state and its people. Bala Mohammed however surprised the people when he canvassed for their support come 2023 General elections saying, “People of the state should vote for us again to enable us to complete all the good projects and programs we have started.” The Governor further assured the people that the next 2 years of his administration will concentrate on uplifting the infrastructure base of the state which he said for now is 50 years behind. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go.Ghost workers syndrome: Bauchi saves N500m, to engage new workers by end of 2021