IN a bid to enhance their operational activities, boost their confidence and reassure them of government’s commitment to their sustainability, the Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA) has signed a five-year agreement with PSP operators in the state. According to the Managing Director/ Chief Executive Officer (MD/CEO) of the Lagos State Waste Management Authority (LAWMA), Mr. Ibrahim Odumboni, who oversaw the signing of the agreement, which held during the week in Lagos, the State was entering a new phase of waste collection and disposal and would strengthen the sector and make it wholly manageable. The LAWMA helmsman enjoined the PSP operators to improve on their service delivery and in good faith repay the magnanimity of the State Governor by ensuring that they discharge their duties diligently. He warned against indiscriminate dumping of refuse, stressing that the Agency would strictly enforce sanitary best practices henceforth. “The idea of people dumping waste indiscriminately into drainages, water channels, the median and other unauthorised places must stop as it would be seriously frowned against and offenders prosecuted,” Odumboni warned, stating also that the agency will not tolerate non-payment of waste bills. “We will have such houses sealed and make defaulters to face the law,” the LAWMA CEO further warned and appealed to Lagosians to endeavour to pay their waste bills promptly as Government will not take kindly to non-payment of bills. Responding, the President, Association of Waste Managers of Nigeria (AWAMN), Mr. David Oriyomi, expressed the gratitude of the operators to LAWMA for the milestone recorded in the signing of the agreement, stating that the gesture will boost the morale and confidence of their members. He assured the authority of their total commitment to ensuring a sustainably cleaner Lagos and its environs, pledging their total support for the State Government. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.