The government of Sokoto State has doused the raging tension that pervaded the state, following a blasphemous Facebook post against the Holy Prophet Muhammad (S.A.W), by a resident of the town during the week. Speaking while addressing a press conference at the Government House Exco Chamber, the state Commissioner for Information, Isah Bajini Galadanchi, on behalf of the governor, noted the state government viewed with concern the blasphemous act by a certain unscrupulous person against the Holy Prophet Muhammad (S.A.W). Isah Bajini said, “The Governor of Sokoto State, Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, on behalf of the Government and people of Sokoto State, condemns in the strongest terms the unholy behaviour, stressing that his government would not condone such acts against Prophet Muhammad (S.A.W) or any other Prophet of God or His Scriptures. “The state Governor Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal cautions against politicizing the issue as its time to come together in matters such as this.” He said the government in collaboration with the security agencies and other relevant authorities are taking necessary steps to ensure appropriate measures were taking and the suspect brought before a competent court of law. The governor further commends the coalition of youths who in spite of partisan divides came together and approached relevant authorities, rather than taking the law into their hands. He urges people to maintain peace and order as all necessary measures are on course to address the issue. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!