Besides providing an opportunity for the usual meeting fraternity between  members, officials of the Association of Advertising Agencies of Nigeria (AAAN) have said that this year’s edition of the meeting would also be used to examine the place of  marketing communications in the country,  especially in a troubled  economy such as Nigeria’s. Briefing the media on the activities lined up for the association’s 2021 AGM, scheduled to hold in Ibadan, Oyo State, on July 23 and 24, this year,  the association’s president, Mr. Steve Babaeko explained that the 2021 AGM would be used to situate advertising in the nation’s topsy-turvy economy. According to him, advertising had gone through a lot in this public health crisis period; since the marketing communication budgets always fall victim in a declining economy. “The situation we’ve, therefore,  found ourselves in this country, is the precursor to what we intend to do at this year’s AGM. “Advertising has gone through a lot, especially at this covid period, and marketing communication is the first to suffer, when an economy suffers. We have decided to come together and see where we can situate ourselves,” he added. On the issue of the yet-to-be-constituted APCON council, the AAAN’s boss  assured that the association, together with other sectoral groups in the industry, are unrelenting in their bid at resolving the issue. “An APCON without a council is like a plane flying without a control tower. The control tower is what will tell the plane when to fly and when to land. “The fact that we are embarking on a campaign of national unity also does not mean that the campaign is much more important than the constitution of the council. “While we are waiting for the council to be constituted, we just have to continue to contribute our quota to the development of this industry,” he added. Also speaking on the event, the Chairman of the Event Planning Committee, Mr Doyin Adewunmi, stated that the theme of the AGM, ‘Doom, Boom, Gloom: Where should we be?’, was informed by the need to actually ascertain the place of advertising and chart the way forward for the practice in an economy, ravaged by COVID 19, and plagued by other challenges. He added that the committee had enlisted the services of  Mr. Abubakar Suleiman, Managing Director, Sterling Bank, and Mr. Iyiola Samuel Aboyeji, General Partner, Future Africa, as Special Guest Speakers at the event. Besides, he said the committee would also be organizing a career talk for the students of the University of Ibadan, as a way of incorporating  them into the profession. “It’s a way of getting them interested in what we do, from the cradle,” he added. The association would also be inducting  some new members, while four eminent individuals that have contributed to the growth of the nation’s advertising industry, will be appreciated at the two-day event. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…