My name is Muili Seun and I’m the founder of Tesa Media, a Nigerian owned digital media platform that offers services in online marketing, website designing and development services, google local service advertising, and display advertising services. Tesa media is also a platform that has helped many business websites from Nigeria and Africa to grow. IT has always been my passion. I recall how I ventured into it completely after my dad could not continue to pay for my tuition fee as an undergraduate in University of Benin. I needed to push forward; there was nothing I could do to support myself at that time barely a few semesters into my education. I had to quit school completely after weighing my options. I then started a media agency in the confine of my room. That inspired Tesa Media, which I think is the perfect solution to the problem I encountered as a young man just striving to be something in a really harsh environment. While fielding questions on the growth of the agency, Seun said “Tesa Media has trained well over 7,000 students directly or indirectly and has helped thousands of businesses gain success in the online marketplace in a very short while. The business mode for Tesa Media is a unique one and is quite different from most of Nigerian media businesses. Tesa Media prefers to add value to their customers even before they pay for any service.” Seun amplified on how he started his media agency, saying “A lot of people struggle to understand the internet mode of business and a lot of digital marketers make the price so expensive that some people can’t afford it, but there are things that don’t need too much effort to be done on the internet, like building/growing your business social media presence; these are things that I feel I need to help people in.” He also mentioned that Gary Vaynerchuk is one of his mentors and that he has listened to a lot of his teachings, reading and a lot of programmes he hosted. Speaking on the challenges he faced during the StartUp process, Seun said “money was really an issue, because a lot of things need to be done and when you don’t have the funds, the process stalls and doesn’t move forward.” “Another challenge is getting qualified leads; it was really hard then I couldn’t get hold of people to patronise me, because I was relatively new in the business and has no name yet.” “Honestly, Tesa Media Digital Agency got off to an impressive life in 2020 during the COVID-19, people began to notice his content online and started reaching out for his services,” Seun asserted. Meanwhile, Tesa Media is looking to launch its “SaaS computer” in the nearest future with head office currently in Edo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.