The Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer (CEO), NGX Group Plc, Mr Oscar Onyema, has said there are indications that the listing by introduction of the group on the trading platform will attract dynamic investors. Ahead of its planned listing by introduction on Nigerian Exchange Limited, NGX Group held an analyst call recently, where the Management of the Group and its entities provided key insights into the setup of the new structure, current operations and plans. Delving into the day’s discussions, Mr Onyema took participants on the journey to demutualisation before clearly highlighting its benefits and how the Group is positioned to exploit the new world of possibilities that have opened up. In what was an engaging session, analysts further engaged the CEOs on issues around the activities of NGX by way of listings and the introduction of Exchange Traded Derivatives (ETDs) to the market. Of particular interest was also NGX RegCo and the stringent policies it has put in place to maintain independence in its regulation of NGX Group, NGX and the capital market as a whole; as well as the new business lines that NGX RelCo will open up for the Group. The virtual event was hosted by the Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer (CEO), NGX Group Plc, Mr. Oscar Onyema;  the CEO, Nigerian Exchange (NGX) Limited, Mr. Temi Popoola; the CEO, NGX Regulation (NGX RegCo) Limited, Ms. Tinuade Awe; and the Acting CEO, NGX Real Estate (NGX RelCo) Limited, Mr. Gabriel Igbeka. Serving as facilitators for the event were the Investor Relations Consultants, Vaerdi and the Financial Advisers, Rand Merchant Bank. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…