Niger State Commissioner of Finance,Alhaji Zakari Abubakar has been conferred with the title of ‘Ajiyan Nupe’ by the Etsu Nupe, and Chairman Niger State Council of Traditional Rulers, Alhaji (Dr.) Yahaya Abubakar in his Wadata Palace, Bida recently. The foremost Monarch while receiving the new Ajiyan Nupe thanked him for the royal visit and recognition in conjunction with all the dignitaries who followed him to the  palace. The Emir prayed Almighty Allah to bless the  new tittle of Ajiyan Nupe, which he bestowed on Alhaji Zakari Abubakar adding that Allah grant him the wisdom and strength to uphold the confidence reposed in him. The Etsu Nupe, thereby commended Zakari Abubakar for his gentility and good behaviours that he always exhibits in the public domain. Etsu Yahaya Abubakar said the confirment of the title of Ajiyan Nupe on Zakari Abubakar has become imperative in view of his track records as an astitude administrator, seasoned Accountant, as well as his uprightness and service not only to the entire Nupe land but the state and humanity in general. He, therefore, urged him to continue to be a good ambassador of the Emirate Council by pulling his wealth of experience together for the betterment of not only the emirate but the state as a whole. Reacting,  the new Ajiyan Nupe, Alhaji Zakari Abubakar expressed appreciation to the Etsu Nupe and Chairman, Niger State Council   of traditional rulers Alhaji ( Dr.) Yahaya Abubakar  for finding him worthy of the title and promised that the gesture will spur him to do more. He also thanked  the esteemed  dignitaries and the entourage who  accompanied him to the Wadata Palace,Bida for the thank you visit. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… 