Kaduna State Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has said that at 62 years, he is too old to be President of Nigeria adding that for 15 years, he had suffered presidential ambition suspicion. According to him, because of the suspicion, people have painted him in bad light calling him a Jihadist, just to keep him out of the presidential race. In an exclusive interview with the Pidgin service of the BBC on Saturday, he posited adding that  governing Kaduna State alone was telling on his age, not to talk of the entire country. He maintained governing Nigeria is a serious job, which is obviously too much for a 62-year-old man. “Look at me, look at my grey hair. If you see my picture when I was sworn in, my hair was very black but look at how it has become. This is a very difficult job and that is just state governor, one state out of 36, a big one, yes; a difficult one, yes, but it is not the same as Nigeria. “Presidency of Nigeria is a very serious job, it is too much for a 62-year-old,” he declared. Asked if he is interested in the office of the Vice-President, he said: “I have not thought about it at all. I have said it that in the political system we have, after eight years of President Buhari, the presidency should go to the south. “I have been suffering this presidential ambition suspicion since 2006, I have suffered it for 15 years till today, and I am sick and tired of it. There are people that are out to paint me in a particular picture so that I will be out of the presidential race, but they don’t know that I am not in any race anywhere.” “They have called me all sort of names; they said I am a Hausa-Fulani heredentist, I am Jihadist and all that, Jihadist when? Where? I am not even an active member of any Islamic organization. “I am a Muslim, yes, a devoted one but, I believe religion is private. Even here in this office, when it is time for prayer, I just excuse myself as if I am going to the restroom, I don’t ask anyone to come and pray with me, because we will all go to our graves separately. “Look around me, I am surrounded only by Muslims, this government is the only state government in this country that has at least people from 13 other states of the federation as cabinet members. “One of the most influential persons in my life, one of my closest political associates is Pastor Tunde Bakare. It was Pastor Tunde Bakare that actually introduced me to Buhari and CPC.” “I didn’t join the CPC because Buhari lives in Kaduna or he is a northerner. So, if I am an Islamic Jihadist, why will Pastor Tunde Bakare be speaking to me?” he queried. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.