Minister of State for Industry, Trade and Investment, Mrs Maryam Katagum, on Monday slumped while on an official engagement in Bauchi State. The minister, who was in Bauchi to launch an empowerment programme held at Sanin Malam Plaza in Bauchi, suddenly slumped as she tried to deliver her speech at the ceremony and was rushed to the Trauma Centre of the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital (ATBUTH) for medical attention. An eyewitness revealed that since she arrived the venue of the ceremony, the minister had looked withdrawn touching her head occasionally as the programme was going on with the Bauchi State Deputy Governor, Sen Baba Tela, in attendance. Another eyewitness said that the minister slumped as she stood up to deliver her address and launch the programme, adding that she just held her head and went down flat. As of the time of filing this report, she was at the trauma centre of the ATBUTH where she is receiving medical attention with the Deputy Governor monitoring the situation. When Tribune Online visited the Trauma Centre of ATBUTH, officials of the ministry as well as those of the state government were seen monitoring the situation as one of them confirmed that the minister was indeed inside the hospital. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go.Minister slumps at event, rushed to hospital in Bauchi Minister slumps at event, rushed to hospital in Bauchi Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.