The All Progressives Congress has again shifted dates for the conduct of its ward, local and state Congresses. National Secretary of the Caretaker/ Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Senator John Akpanudoedehe conveyed the decision to the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC in a letter dated July 6,2021. The ward and local government congresses have been fixed for July 24 and August 14, respectively to be followed by state Congresses fixed for September 18. The party in its earlier disclosure was silent on dates for zonal Congresses and national convention before it aborted the process to the disaffection of its faithful. The letter addressed to the INEC Chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu was however silent on reason for the postponement. It read in part: “We refer to our letter reference number APC/NHDQ/INEC/19/021/20, dated 10, June 2021, on the above subject and wish to inform the Commission that the party has rescheduled its congresses and national convention to a later date which will be communicated to you. “This serves as a formal notification pursuant to the provisions of section 85 of the Electoral Act (2010) as amended. “While hoping to receive your cooperation, please, accept the assurance of my highest esteem.” Tribune Online checks revealed that the party took the decision following the failure of the contractor handling the printing of nomination forms to deliver ahead of time and the extension of the membership registration and revalidation exercise in four states by two weeks. Senator Akpanudoede confirmed that the party actually wrote to the electoral umpire to inform it of the review of its earlier dates for congresses. He said: “The document in circulation does not intend a postponement of the Congresses. How it leaked from INEC is strange. “It is to cure the legal land mine occasioned by Section 85 of the Electoral Act on the issuance of 21 DAYS NOTICE TO INEC, bearing in mind that the earlier date we released was not sacrosanct.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…APC shifts dates  APC shifts dates Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…APC shifts dates  APC shifts dates