Interbank stop rates of new Treasury Bills issuances are expected to moderate amid boost in financial system liquidity following maturing T-bills worth N57.82 billion. Available records show that the T-Bills will mature via the primary and secondary markets to more than offset the T-bills worth N7.00 billion which will be auctioned by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) via the primary market; viz: 91-day bills worth N12.45 billion and 182-day bills worth N25.37 billion. In times of recession, and of budget shortfall, it is only normal to expect a central bank to lend money to its government. However, in Nigeria it appears to have become a habit. And the stock of debt is mounting. Activities in the Nigerian Treasury Bill (T-bill) secondary market were bullish overall, following the boost to system liquidity from the June Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) disbursement to states and local governments, which was N363.86 billion ($885.30 million). At the T-bill primary auction held on Wednesday, the Debt Management Office (DMO) allotted N163.61bllion in instruments, just as there are expectations from other dealers that there will be a slight uptick in yields in the T-bill secondary market in the absence of any other significant inflows to boost liquidity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…