The newly appointed Executive Secretary/CEO of the Nigerian Shippers’ Council (NSC), Mr Emmanuel Jime, has praised the achievements of his immediate predecessor, Barrister Hassan Bello. Jime stated this when he assumed duty at the Abuja liaison office of NSC recently. ”I’m truly excited to have this wonderful opportunity to offer yet another set of service to our nation in this capacity. Since the announcement of my appointment, I have taken the time to do a little bit of some work on our agency. And the first thing I will like to say is that I’m convinced that the shippers council has one of the most technically proficient and efficient members of staff. ”Wherever I have been, I have always made sure of the input of those who have the institutional knowledge of the agencies that i work with. It is very important as a driving motive as to how I am able to execute with the responsibility of any office, this challenge is no different. “I will like to sue for your cooperation, I will like to ask for your collaboration,  I will like to ask for your help. There is no way that any chief executive is going to be successful unless and until you have a motivated staff that is willing to support you.” Jime added that the immediate NSC’s past chief executive, Barrister Hassan Bello left “a very big shoe”, in terms of the achievements he recorded. ”What that means for me therefore is that I have my work cut out for me. I must not only step into Bello’s shoes but I have the determination to exceed it. But like I said, I’m not able to do anything unless I have your full support. And I am confident, I am trusting that we will work together as a team in this family.” ”So I come in peace, I come with the determination,  I come with the desire to replicate the achievements of my predecessors but I also come with the determination that we should take this agency to its limit via the ambit of our capacities.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Jime resumes as new Shippers Council boss, eulogises Bello  ;  Jime resumes as new Shippers Council boss, eulogises Bello  ;  Jime resumes as new Shippers Council boss, eulogises Bello  ;  Jime resumes as new Shippers Council boss, eulogises Bello.