Forty-nine people suspected to have participated in the Saturday Oodua Nation rally in the Ojota area of Lagos State have been arrested by the police in the state. The suspects were, on Sunday, paraded by the state commissioner of police Hakeem Odumosu, who also said that arms and ammunition were recovered from the arrested suspects. The police boss said that six arms, 18 7.62mm ammunition, 19 live cartridges and one expended cartridge were recovered from the arrested suspects. The police boss said: “The command arrested 49 suspects. They include; Bamidele Akomolafe,52; Dauda Abubakare,25; Adebanjo Adedajo,42; Lawal Akeem,21; Abdulsemiu Akanbi,43; Emmanuel Chidiemere,27; Taofeek Abdulsalami,25; Adesina Ibrahim,33 and Adeyemi Segun,22 and 39 others. “Items recovered from them include; one pump action rifle, two locales made pistols, four live cartridges, one expended cartridge and stickers with the inscription ‘Oodua Armed Forces’.” “Also recovered were one Opel car with registration number FFF 921, one unregistered Toyota 4 Runner SUV, one Honda car with registration number SMK 248 FC, one Nissan pathfinder SUV with registration number ABJ 348 DB, One Suzuki minibus with plate number LSR980 YC, one beaded crown, one beaded walking stick, a white box containing assorted charms, some Oodua flags and banners, clothes and caps with Oodua Nation inscriptions, some voodoo charm jackets, one traditional calabash containing weeds suspected to be Indian hemp, some mobile phones, clothes, two axes.” The police boss also stated that ” In addition, the same day (Saturday) around 11.10 pm, the Area Commander,’ H’, Ogudu whose jurisdiction covers part of Ojota area of the state, got a tip-off from a good Samaritan that some objects suspected arms were abandoned behind a car stand, near King David Executive express, Ojota.” “When he proceeded to the place, he discovered one AK 47 rifle with (18 ) 7.62mm live ammunition, two locally made pistols with 15 live cartridges were recovered. In summary, a total of six arms, 18 (18) 7.62mm ammunition, 19 live cartridges and one expended cartridge were recovered.” The police boss also stated that “With these recoveries, coupled with the conducts of the so-called agitators and others, despite repeated warnings from the command and the Lagos State government, trooped out for the planned rally, one could easily infer that they were not in Lagos State for a rally. Rather, for another mission geared towards destabilising the state, if not nipped in the bud.” “These discoveries and recoveries have authenticated the intelligence report at the command’s disposal and they have also vindicated the command for banning the rally in its press briefing of Thursday, July 1, 2021. ” CP Odumosu also stated that “But for the proactive security strategies emplaced by the command towards the botched rally, the entire state would be engulfed in a crisis similar to the #EndSARS violence.” The police boss said that the suspects would be transferred to the State CID, Panti for further investigation and prosecution. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement.Lagos police parade 49 suspects over Oodua Nation rally, recover arms, ammunition Lagos police parade 49 suspects over Oodua Nation rally, recover arms, ammunition Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.