As a measure of making traditional rulers more responsible for their official duties and take their minds off corrupt practices, all Districts and Village heads in Gombe State are to enjoy a new salary structure. The development followed the approval of an upward review of their salaries and allowances by the State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya. The disclosure was made by the State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Ibrahim Dasuki Jalo while addressing newsmen in Gombe on Friday saying that, “the increment came because of the pivotal role traditional institutions are playing as well as the fulfilment of the pledge made by the Governor to them during his campaigns. The increment takes effect from June. 165 district heads and 602 village heads will benefit”. The Commissioner added that “The District heads who were placed on GL 6 will now move to GL 12 while the village heads, who were placed on GL 3, would move to GL 8. There is a monthly impress of N15, 000 for all the district heads.” On the issue of houses for the traditional leaders, Dasuki Jalo said that consultants have been sent to assess the situation of the structures and report back to the government on what is required to renovate the houses in order to make them look befitting. He then charged the traditional rulers to continue to play their roles in ensuring security in their various communities by being vigilant to observe any attempt to breach the peace in their domains. In his response on behalf of the traditional rulers, the senior district head of Gombe, Alhaji Abdulkadir Abubakar thanked Governor Inuwa Yahaya for the gesture, adding that it had been long since they enjoyed such gesture. He charged all district and village heads in the state to see the increment as an opportunity to further support the government in enhancing the security of their communities. Abdulkadir Abubakar further appealed to the media to help promote good governance through accurate reportage of the ongoing development projects in the state, adding that the health and education sectors amongst others have impacted positively on the lives of the people of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Gombe govt approves salary  Gombe govt approves salary Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Gombe govt approves salaryGombe govt approves salary Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.