KANO State Police Command has arrested a 45-year-old man, Mohammed Aliyu, who was parading himself as an Assistant Commissioner of Police in Kano. The police said the fake assistant commissioner of police confessed that he has been arrested as a fake medical doctor. According to a statement signed and issued on Wednesday by Kano police spokesman, DSP Abdullahi Haruna Kiyawa, the said Mohammed Aliyu went to a hotel in the Kano metropolis and requested accommodation in order to lodge some of his guests coming from Kaduna and other parts of the country. DSP Kiyawa disclosed that he asked for a discount after claiming to be “a superior police officer of the rank of an Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP). “He equally tendered a complimentary card to the hotel manager bearing his name as an Assistant Commissioner of Police and at the same time the Squadron Commander of 52 PMF Challawa, Kano. “He further stated that the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of Nassarawa Division is his younger brother in Nigeria Police Force and at one time served under his office.” However, the manager of the hotel, “having observed such suspicious approach immediately informed the police.” Without wasting much time, “The Commissioner of Police Kano State Command, CP Sama’ila Shu’aibu Dikko, raised and instructed a team of policemen led by DPO Nassarawa, SP Daniel Itse Amah to proceed to the scene.” According to him, “The team swung into action and found out that the suspect was a fake assistant commissioner of police. He was subsequently arrested. “On investigation, fake documents were found in possession of the suspect bearing his picture and a name, Ibrahim Muhammad Tijjani as a medical practitioner. “He confessed that he was neither a medical doctor nor a police officer and that he was arrested and prosecuted for impersonation as a medical doctor. “He also confessed to have been involved in series of surgical operations, injects and prescribed drugs to many patients.” CP Sama’ila Shu’aibu Dikko ordered that case be transferred to the Criminal Investigation Department of the Command for discreet investigation. The suspect will be charged to court upon completion of the investigation.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!