As Nigeria joined the rest of the world to mark the 2021 International Day of Cooperatives, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Muhammad Sabo Nanono, has called on the Nigerian Cooperative Movements to ‘work the talk’ by cooperating among themselves to achieve greater goals. The Minister said the corporation should be geared towards developing and implementing strategies and projects that will lead to the rebuilding of the economy and social systems of citizens affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and other devastating factors. Nanono in his speech to mark the International Day of Cooperatives, said Cooperatives have a unique identity of people-centred principles and concern for the community. He said the theme of this year’s International Day of Cooperative celebration “Rebuilding Better Together” is very apt. He, therefore, assured that the ministry through the Federal Department of Cooperatives will cooperate, collaborate and support Cooperative Movements and similar International organisations in achieving their set development objectives of advancing people’s livelihood and restoring their normal ways of life. “I am pleased to report that Nigerian Cooperatives have contributed significantly to the economic development of the country knowing fully well the immense contribution of the World Cooperative Movement to the socio-economic development of the world,” he noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go.Minister charges cooperatives on the economy Minister charges cooperatives on the economy Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.