Bauchi branch of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has constituted a legal team to serve as a swift response to cases of victimisation against members of the Bar. Members of the Committee according to the newly sworn-in Chairman of the NBA, Jibrin Jibrin are, Mukhtar Usman Esq (Fmr AG) Chairman, Abubakar Idris, Safiyanu Gambo Esq, Yushe’u Yakubu Esq, Usman Sadiq Esq, Blessing Esinwoke Esq, B Y Sambo Esq, A U Hardo Esq – members, while Ali Shehu Esq will serve as a Member/Secretary. The Chairman, Jibrin Jibrin explained that the dea is to address cases of assault to which members of the Bar are being frequently subjected to by security personnel in the state saying that, “Only recently, three of our members in this branch namely Y. M. Yushe’u, Magaji Safiyanu, and C. G Yelmis were victims of one form of assault or the other.” The NBA Chairman said that, “This is very worrisome and totally unacceptable development, hence, the decision to convene a summit with all security agencies in the State in next 35 days so that the necessary synergy for a cordial, mutually respectful and responsible relationship between members of the Bar and security agencies across the state and beyond is created and sustained.” He added that, “For the purpose of according protection to all members of Bar in this Branch as well as to address the issue of identity, we are embarking on the production as well as issuance of identify cards upon payment of a token amount that will basically defray the cost incurred in the production of the Cards.” According to Jibrin Jibrin, “That is not all. We have equally constituted a legal team that will frontally be taking up issues of assault on members as been frequently perpetuated by security personnel in the state.” He further said that, “The point to note is that in keeping with the famous principle of “an injury to one is an injury to all”, the NBA will henceforth and through this legal team take over full responsibility of pursuing justice to any of its member victim of brutality, assault or any other form of inhuman and degrading treatment by or from any security personnel in within and outside the state.” “We have had enough of this kind unwarranted maltreatment to our members. As conscience of the society, the respect, almighty, standing and honour of lawyers is paramount to all and sundry and we must do everything possible to ensure that the good old days when members of this noble profession earn the highest respect in the land is restored”, the Chairman declared. He equally said that, “a major component of our plan is to have a conductive functioning secretariat for the Branch in the next 60 days. Those of us that have been closely following conversation in respect of this issue, it has been a serious of concern that the branch does not have a functional office for sometimes now.” “It is therefore as a solution to this serious problem that we have set the 60-days mandate in which we shall secure an office accommodation while devoting adequate attention to the issue of construction of a befitting Bar Center by earning this great branch its pride place among the community branches in the country,” he assured. According to him, “Coming on the heels of the approval granted by the Excellency Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed for one of government’s properties to be converted Bauchi Bar Centre, it is as a matter of our action plan that by his grace, this administration intends to make serious progress on this issue such that at the end of our tenure, a solid foundation towards the actualization of the dream would have been realized.” “We thus are grateful to the Bauchi state government and the immediate past NBA administration for the success so far recorded,” he added. Jibrin Jibrin concluded that, This brings us to the issue of capacity building for all members of the Association consisting of those on the bench as well as those of us at the Bar is as such an integral part of our programmes for various forms Conferences trainings, seminars and workshops to be organized on regular basis for members of the Bar including those on the bench.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Bauchi NBA constitutes 6 member legal response team to defend victimized members  ;  Bauchi NBA constitutes 6 member legal response team to defend victimized members  ;  Bauchi NBA constitutes 6 member legal response team to defend victimized members  ;  Bauchi NBA constitutes 6 member legal response team to defend victimized members. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.