The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has told the Southern Governors Forum that it would only support a candidate that will unite the country irrespective of where he or she comes from. This was even as it said the North will not be stampeded into making decisions around rotating the presidency in 2023. This was contained in a statement issued by their spokesman on behalf of the CNG, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman on Tuesday. It said, “the Southern Governors and their collaborators should not attempt to hoist an incompetent leadership on the nation in the name of rotation.” According to the statement, “the North will not accept this arrangement and shall be vehemently resisted. “We specifically warn Kashim Shettima, Nasir El-Rufai and other northern collaborators, of the futility of pursuing their personal exploits for the vice presidency through this impossible battle to hand over our future and the entire North to interests that see a united and numerically superior North as a major political obstacle.” To this end, the statement warned northern collaborators, “one of whom led, and the other is leading administrations that have acquired the reputation of being the worst in the history of their respective states.” It noted that “the extent of their collaboration would not go unnoticed, and in the fullness of time, they will be called to account.” CNG also called on the Federal Government to take immediate steps to disband all militias and armed groups in Nigeria by resort to the use of force if needs be, to ensure that no group has the capacity to challenge the state in its prerogative to maintain law and order and protect citizens’ lives and properties. On grazing law, CNG “emphatically repudiated the insistence on the passing of the anti-grazing law by the Southern Governors,” saying that it potentially jeopardises the lives and property of pastoral communities in the South. To this end, it called on the Federal Government to ensure their right to freedom of movement is not impeded by any legislation or obstacle imposed by a state or a community. “We invite all northerners to note that clearly, the pattern drawn from these strategies employed by the Southern Governors and elites are to achieve the results that the events of 1966 failed to realize, namely the destabilisation of the country and in particular, bringing the North down on its knees by political and economic incapacitation.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa. We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa  ;  Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa. 