The National Directorate of Employment (NDE) has begun the training of beneficiaries of the Federal Government’s Special Public Works on Basic Business Training (BBT) to enable them to utilise their three months stipends judiciously. The Director-General of the agency, Malam Abubakar Nuhu Fikpo, stated this at the official flag-off of a two-day workshop for the participates in Minna, the Niger State capital, adding that it was an exit strategy for the Extended Special Public Works (ESPW) beneficiaries from the 25 local government areas of the state. Abubakar Fikpo, represented by the Director, ESPW Department, NDE,  Mrs Olaoni Roseline Silvia, appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari to approve another set of beneficiaries for next year, in order to allow those who missed the opportunity this year to participate in the programme. He advised participants to take the training with all seriousness to enable them to become employers of labour and urged them to invest the N60,000 paid to each of the beneficiaries wisely. He noted that wrong targeting for participants of the programme was identified and has been overcome. “Beneficiaries of the extended Public Works Programme should take this basic business training seriously because we are encouraging them to be self-employed. “You know that each of them has been paid N60,000. We want them to channel it to profitable business ventures so that at the end of the day, poverty would be reduced, employment would be created and they too would become employers of Labour,” said the DG, NDE. Fikpo thereby assured the beneficiaries that if the NDE observes that they invest their stipends very well, they can also get more funds as loans from NDE to expand their business. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!