Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Sunday evening, ordered investigation into circumstances surrounding the death of a 14-year-old girl during the Yoruba self-determination rally held in Lagos State on Saturday. The girl was found dead at the scene of the rally on Saturday afternoon at Ojota with claims that she was killed by a stray bullet, the claim that has been denied by the state police command. However, according to a statement by Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo, the state Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, the governor, while commiserating with the family of the girl, ordered a thorough investigation of the death. According to the statement: “Our attention has been drawn to the death of a 14-year-old girl in Ojota during the Oodua Republic Mega Rally on Saturday, 3rd of July, 2021. “We commiserate with the family of the deceased. The governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has ordered a thorough investigation of the death. A Coroner’s Inquest has immediately been requested in line with sections 14 and 15 of the Coroners’ Systems Law, Laws of Lagos State 2015, to determine the cause and circumstances of death. “By Section 14(1) (d) of the Coroners’ System Law of the State: ‘A report of death shall be made to any of the agencies for the report of death or the office of the Coroner and be subject to post-mortem examination where there is reasonable cause to believe that the cause of death was: violent, unnatural or suspicious.’ “Section 15(1) and (9) further enjoins the Coroner to hold an inquest whenever he or she is informed that the death of the deceased person was in a violent, unnatural or suspicious situation or believes an inquest is desirable following the report of a reportable death. “As a government, the security and well-being of citizens are of utmost importance to us. The state assures the public that everything will be done to ensure that the cause of death is known. The findings of this investigation will be made public in due course and appropriate sanctions meted out to anyone found culpable.” Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.