The apex Igbo organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has come out with a comment on its position on the re-arraignment and consequent trial of the Biafran secessionist leader and head of the Indigenous Peoples Of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. In a communique issued after the meeting of the National Executive Committee (NEC) of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, held on Saturday in Enugu and signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Chiedozie Alex Ogbonnia, where current local and national issues were discussed and far-reaching resolutions passed. Ohanaeze Ndigbo stated that “ We have observed with keen interest the recent re-arraignment and consequent trial of our son, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.” Ohanaeze insisted that “in as much as Ohanaeze Ndigbo is not averse to the trial of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, we, however, submit that he should be tried within the ambit of the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria  and in line with global best practices.” The apex Igbo body pledged its support to his defence promising “that as part of our avowed determination to ensure the fair trial of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, we have constituted a legal team led by the National Legal Adviser of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide and eminent Igbo leaders to monitor the legal proceedings, throughout the trial.” Meanwhile, the Ohanaeze has thrown its weight behind the recent decisions of the Southern Governors on the ban on open grazing, restructuring, rotation of the presidency to the south and 5 percent share to host communities in the Petroleum Industries Bill (PIB). Ohanaeze aligned their position with that of   the Igbo youths noting “that we identify with the Igbo youths in their grievances with respect to Igbo marginalisation, menace of the Fulani herdsmen, etc; however, we do not support the use of any form of violence to redress the relative deprivation and prevailing inequality and injustice across the country.” The group, therefore, urged the youths to eschew violence and advised them to be law abiding and “sheath their sword as the South-East leaders and stakeholders address these our collective grievances through meaningful dialogue and negotiations.” It further urged Ndigbo particularly the youths to take the ongoing voters’ registration exercise seriously, “as this is the only means that guarantees effective participation in Nigerian politics and  a sine qua non to achieve our goals and aspirations in Nigeria project.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… 