The State Working Committee of the Edo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Saturday, lifted the suspension on the state chairman of the party,  Tony Aziegbemi. Aziegbemi, it would be recalled, was suspended by a faction of the party loyal to Governor Godwin Obaseki following the crisis that rocked the party in the state when the Aizegbemi led State Working Committee alleged that the governor wanted to dissolve the party’s structures at all levels in the state to pave the way for the integration of the All Progressive Congress (APC), members who decamped alongside Obaseki to the PDP in June 2020. The Obaseki’s loyalists in the SWC moved against the chairman and set up a committee to‎ investigate allegations of gross misconduct against him and passed a guilty verdict on him, leading to his suspension. But, the State Publicity Secretary of the party, Chris Nehikhare, on Saturday, while announcing the lifting of the suspension in a statement issued in Benin City, said the State Working Committee meeting of the party called to deliberate on the report of the investigation had exonerated and acquitted the Chairman of any wrongdoing “The suspension has therefore been lifted. Consequently, the Chairman,  Hon. Tony Aziegbemi will resume his office with immediate effect. “We thank all party members, supporters and leaders for their cooperation and support during this period of self-audit,” the statement said.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.