Western Digital Corporation has announced its second-generation UFS 3.1 storage solution for 5G smartphones. The new Western Digital (iNAND MC EU551) delivers the high-performance storage consumers’ need to be able to use their phones for emerging applications like ultra-high-resolution cameras, AR/VR, gaming and 8K video. IDC expects 5G smartphone shipments to account for more than 40 per cent of global volume in 2021 and grow to 69 per cent in 2025. “As networks continue to expand available bandwidth and offer lower latency to enable new user experiences, Western Digital’s iNAND solutions deliver the high-capacity, high-performance embedded storage needed to power these exciting new applications. “We rely on smartphones in virtually every aspect of our lives. Coupled with high-speed 5G networks, sensor innovation and AI, the average capacity in phones is growing as is the need for higher performance to handle new multimedia capabilities,” said Mr Huibert Verhoeven, senior vice president, Automotive, Mobile and Emerging Markets, Western Digital. “With this new UFS 3.1 iNAND solution, we allow users to tap into data-rich applications and enjoy faster streaming for new ways to play, work and learn. “The iNAND MC EU551 mobile storage device is the first product built on Western Digital’s new UFS 3.1 platform, first announced on May 26 at the company’s Flash Perspective event. Leveraging faster NAND, a faster controller and an improved firmware design, the iNAND MC EU551 delivers the following improvements over the previous generation, with up to a: “100 per cent improvement in random read performance and up to 40 per cent on random writes, to help support mixed workload experiences like running multiple applications simultaneouly. “90 per cent improvement in sequential writes to help realise the new 5G and Wi-Fi 6 download speed potential. This gives consumers a better experience when streaming rich media files such as 8K video, as well as improved performance for applications like burst mode photography and 30 per cent improvement in sequential reads lets applications launch faster with shorter boot-up time, and enables faster upload speeds,”  Verhoeven said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…