There was drama at the Dumamis International Worship Centre, (Glory Dome) along Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport Road in Abuja, on Sunday, as 10 worshippers believed to be human rights activists were reportedly arrested by the church’s security guards for wearing #BuhariMustGo (Anti-President Muhammadu Buhari) t-shirts to the church. It was gathered that the activists had gone to the church for the Sunday morning service but were reportedly rounded up by the church’s security guards for wearing the t-shirts believed to be offensive and against the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. Eyes witnesses disclosed that the church authorities immediately contacted the Department of State Services (DSS) whose operatives consequently stormed the church and whisked the activists away to an unknown destination in the full glare of the worshippers Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Church arrests 10 worshippers for wearing #BuhariMustGo t-shirt during service Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.