In his efforts to fight crime and criminality, Bauchi State Commissioner of Police, Sylvester Abiodun Alabi has ordered for a constant clampdown on red zones as the command poised to give criminals sleepless nights across the state. The commissioner of Police also Directed all Area Commanders and Divisional Police Officers (DPO) to swiftly embark on constant patrol with their officers and men in order to reclaim public space and round up cult groups that are emerging in the state. The Bauchi State Commissioner of Police, CP Abiodun Sylvester Alabi fdc, psc, mnim has ordered a constant clampdown on criminally infested areas in the state in order to stem the rising tides of cultism and associated criminalities. While rounding up cult groups, they are to ensure that innocent and law abiding citizens are not harassed, intimidated or molested owing to the plans to celebrate their nefarious activities tagged 7/7 on Wednesday, 7th July, 2021. Meanwhile, In a swift operation in ensuring that the serene and prevalent peaceful atmosphere in Bauchi is not compromised, on the 5th July, 2021 at about 1020hrs, operatives of the Command arrested two suspected criminals: Ruben Obidah alias (Gucco) aged 23 years and Emmanuel Hassan alias (Panpadin) aged 22 yrears all of Rafin Zurfi. The suspects who are said to belong to a gang of cult which have been terrorizing Yelwa area, armed themselves with dangerous weapons attacked innocent people, collected their mobile phones, money and motorcycles among others. On receipt of actionable intelligence and credible information the team of detectives drafted to the scene cordoned the area and arrested the suspects. In line with standard protocols, an investigation has been launched into their illicit activities after which the suspects will be charged to court accordingly while exhibits recovered from the suspects included Siphernol and four wraps of Cannabis. The Commissioner of Police vowed to sniff out all criminal merchants desperate to make a living at expense of law abiding citizens across the state as contained in a statement by SP Ahmed Mohammed Wakili, Police Public Relations Officer, Bauchi State Command. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Bauchi CP orders area commanders, DPOs to lead constant clampdown on red zones