Following its due diligence process, FMDQ Securities Exchange Limited , through its Board Listings and Markets Committee, has approved the quotation of the FBNQuest Merchant Bank Limited N7.34 billion Series 19 Commercial Paper (CP) under its N100.00 billion CP Programme, on its platform. FMDQ Securities Exchange Limited has continued to avail its credible and efficient platform as well as tailor its Listing and Quotation services to suit the needs of issuers and its Registration Members. The net proceeds from FBN Quest’s CP will support the issuer’s short term funding requirements. FBNQuest Merchant Bank Limited is a merchant banking firm that offers an array of financial services, including Coverage & Corporate Banking, Financial Advisory, Debt Capital Markets, Equity Capital Markets, Institutional Sales, Fixed Income Currency & Treasury and Wealth Management. The Bank is committed to finding innovative solutions for its client base of high net-worth individuals, small and medium enterprises, corporates, financial institutions and governments, whilst catering to their diverse financial needs. The timely admission of this CP issue, and in general, all securities on FMDQ Exchange, is reflective of the potential of the Nigerian debt capital market and the commendable level of confidence demonstrated by both issuers and investors in the market. In line with the value proposition of FMDQ Exchange, the CP, shall be availed global visibility (through the Exchange’s website and systems), governance, continuous information disclosure to protect investors’ interest and credible price formation, amongst other benefits derived from the FMDQ Exchange platform. FMDQ Group is Africa’s first vertically integrated financial market infrastructure group, strategically positioned to provide registration, listing & quotation services; integrated trading, clearing & central counterparty, settlement, risk management for financial market transactions; and depository of securities; as well as data and information services, across the debt capital, foreign exchange, derivatives and equity markets, through its wholly owned subsidiaries – FMDQ Exchange, FMDQ Clear Limited, FMDQ Depository Limited and FMDQ Private Markets Limited. FMDQ is committed to actualising its mandate to propel businesses, corporates, and government entities towards achieving their funding objectives, whilst ensuring prosperity within the Nigerian financial markets and the wider economy. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…