Federal Government has stated that family planning has the capacity to reduce maternal deaths in the country by 30 per cent. According to the 2018 National Demographic and Health Survey (NDHS) for every 100,000 live births in Nigeria,512 women die. The Minister of State for Health, Dr Olorunnimbe Mamora, made the assertion in Abuja, at the media launch of the National Family Planning Campaign organised by Rotary Action Group for Reproductive, Maternal and Child Health (RMCH). Mamora also advocated for increased investment in family planning services at all levels of government, particularly in the procurement of contraceptives. Mamora pointed out that for the country to achieve a 27 per cent modern contraceptive prevalence rate by 2024, members of the community must be rightly educated about the immense benefits of family planning, and men need to be involved in family planning activities. According to Mamora: “Family planning is an important intervention for promoting proper timing and spacing of pregnancies, as well as assisting to achieve pregnancies where challenges exist. “It also promotes maternal and child survival with a potential for reducing maternal and child mortality and morbidity by 30 per cent.” “In addition, a successful implementation is key to achieving the health-related Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).” “The Federal Ministry of Health has been collaborating with development partners to build synergy towards the provision of quality family planning information services for the purposes of prevention of unintended pregnancies, as well as for the prevention of sexually transmitted infections (STIs), including HIV/AIDS. “As part of Government’s efforts to provide a roadmap for family planning implementation, as well as proper coordination, the Federal Ministry of Health revised the Nigeria Family Planning Blueprint (Scale-Up Plan 2020-2024), which was developed in 2014 as a follow up to the 2012 London Summit on Family Planning, to provide guidance for stakeholders for implementation of family planning in Nigeria.” Mamora also added that the Federal Ministry of Health is in the process of introducing and/or scaling up new family planning commodities to expand Nigeria’s Method Mix to allow for free choice. “The Depot Medroxyprogesterone Acetate Subcutaneous Injection (DMPA-SC), which has been formulated to allow for self-injection. This is considered a game-changer in Nigeria’s Family Planning Landscape”. “In hard-to-reach areas, clients could be given some vials to take home after some training on its use. The Federal Ministry of Health is also in the process of finalising modalities for the inclusion of Hormonal Intrauterine devices in Nigeria’s public health system. “The Federal Ministry of Health is in the process of finalising the National Guidelines for State-Funded Procurement of Contraceptive Commodities to bridge the gaps in family planning financing. “Efforts are in top gear to finalize the National Private Sector Engagement Strategic Plan to comprehensively involve the private sector in family planning implementation to rapidly increase uptake.” National Coordinator of the Rotary Action Group for Reproductive, Maternal and Child Health (RMCH), Prof Emmanuel Lufadeju, in his welcome address, illustrated that although 90 per cent of women know what family planning is, only 15 per cent are using modern contraception. He advocated that there is an urgent need to convince women of child-bearing age to space their children, in order to avoid risky pregnancies, and foster the use of approved and modern contraception. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Family planning can reduce  Family planning can reduce Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Family planning can reduce  Family planning can reduce Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.