The Minister of Transportation, Hon. Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that President Muhammadu Buhari will inaugurate the $1.2 billion Kano-Kaduna rail line in the next two weeks. Speaking in Abuja on Friday, Amaechi revealed all contracts for the projects had been awarded. He said the project would now be funded from the ministry’s budgetary allocation as the Federal Government was tired of waiting endlessly for the loan to commence the project. According to the Minister’s media unit, Amaechi explained that the Federal Government has already paid 218million dollars to the contractors, saying additional 100million dollars will be paid to them, making it 318million dollars. “In the next two weeks, we should be launching and commencing immediately the construction of Kano-Kaduna rail project. “The president will be launching it and then we will commence construction immediately. “The reason why we are commencing construction immediately is that all the necessary contracts have been awarded. “We have been waiting for the loan for too long from China and the money has not come. “So, we decided to fund it from the budget. We already paid 218million dollars to them and we are about to pay another 100million dollars to make it about 318million dollars. “Kano-Kaduna is about 1.2billion dollars – the moment you pay about 318million dollars, you must have paid one-third of the project. “So, we believe that by the time we get the loan we must have funded up to 600million dollars. “So, that should be able to take the project nearly halfway before the fund will come because if we continue to wait for the loan whether, from China or Europe, we may likely not complete it before we go,’’ he stated. The Minister also disclosed that the government had so far paid N13billion for the Port Harcourt – Maiduguri rail project, while another N10 billion would soon be paid to hasten action on the project. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Buhari to flag-off  Buhari to flag-off Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Buhari to flag-off  Buhari to flag-off Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.