An unspecified number of people lost their lives, while scores were injured on Sunday morning, in Ibadan, Oyo State capital when a tanker, conveying petroleum gas rammed into the popular Bode market, Tribune Online authoritatively gathered. An eyewitness informed our correspondent that the gas tanker coming from Idi Arere axis lost control due to brake failure, thus crushing many traders, a tricycle and a commercial motorcycle. Some of the traders, who were at the scene when the accident occurred disclosed that it occurred around 8.30 am, adding that the loud impact of the gas tanker when it rammed into a shopping complex inside the market caused apprehension. When Tribune Online visited the market, the dual carriage expressway from Beere to Idi Arere and Bode, shortly before the flyover bridge was closed to traffic, just as men of Oyo State and Federal Fire Service, including officers of the Federal Roads Safety Corps (FRSC) and the Nigeria Police, were at the scene. Though details surrounding the incident were still sketchy as of the time of filing this report, the Oyo State Commander of the Federal Roads Safety Corps (FRSC), Mrs Uche Winifred Chukwura confirmed the accident to our correspondent. However, she stated that “it is that the accident occurred this morning at Bode market, but our people are still there evacuating the debris and casualty. For now, we cannot give a specific figure of the casualty. I would get back to you later about the number of people that died in the accident.” Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts…  Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.