Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba, Tuesday called on to the governors of the North-East region of the country to be proactive in supporting the actualization of the Mambilla Hydro Electric power dam project for the benefit of the subregion and the nation. Ishaku disclosed this at the opening ceremony of the 5th meeting of the northeast governors in Jalingo. According to the governor, Mambilla power project was capable of transforming the economy of the subregion and that of the country. Ishaku said the meeting should push for a supplementary budget of the power project, saying it was surprising to hear of allocation for the project in the 2021 federal budget. Ishaku also called on the governors to push for exploration of crude oil in the Lake Chad basin and Benue troupe so the subregion would also be beneficiaries of the 13 per cent derivation being enjoyed by the Niger Delta region. Prof Umar Zulum, the Chairman of the forum noted that the essence of the meetings was to present a common front on the challenges facing the individual states with a view to overcoming them. Zulum commended President Muhammadu Buhari over the recent visit to Borno where he interacted with the troops fighting Boko Haram, saying the situation was getting better. While commending the troops over the renewed vigour in the fight, Zulum urged them to take advantage of the current division in the ranks of the insurgents and defeat them totally. “I want to urge troops to capitalize on the current division in the ranks of the insurgents and defeat totally for a peaceful subregion,” he said. Nigerian Tribune reports that other governors of the region at the event are, Sen Bala Muhammed of Bauchi, Alhaji Inua Yahaya of Gombe, Alhaji Umar Fintiri of Adamawa and Alhaji Idi Barde, the Deputy Governor of Yobe. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Gov Ishaku seeks North-East governor’s collaboration on Mambilla power project  ;  Gov Ishaku seeks North-East governor’s collaboration on Mambilla power project  ;  Gov Ishaku seeks North-East governor’s collaboration on Mambilla power project ;  Gov Ishaku seeks North-East governor’s collaboration on Mambilla power project.