The nation’s ICT space received a boost, recently, as TECNO announced the launch of its latest flagship smartphone, Phantom X. According to the company, the debut of the latest offering, especially its elegant design of 3D Borderless Screen and the industry’s first silk glass back cover, marks its venturing into new heights of mobile telephony,  in Nigeria. Speaking on the new offering, the General Manager of TECNO,  Stephen Ha,  expressed the company’s commitment to  bringing to the users, bold and extraordinary innovations in design, technology, and complete user experience. “PHANTOM X empowers consumers to feel their extraordinary best throughout all their special moments in life,” he stated. Ha added that the new offering, which will be available  in two artistic colors: Van Gogh’s Starry Night and Monet’s Summer Garden, will go a long way in empowering modern extraordinary individual’s way of life. “We’re proud to introduce the all-new PHANTOM X. It is an extraordinary beginning that encompasses TECNO’s vision, encapsulated and reframed for a new audience of more demanding consumers,” Ha stated. He added that the new PHANTOM X offers the industry’s first curved glass surface etched texture; since the innovative silk glass is based on a series of complex tests and manufacturing procedures. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…