Rotary Club of Lagos has assured small businesses on the Lagos Island,  of its support, to enable them contribute their own quota to the nation’s economy. Making the pledge while  presenting  the sum of N1million to traders from the Oredegbe Araromi Lewis Market,  in Lagos, recently, the President of the Club, Babawale Agbeyangi argued that since its establishment some decades ago, the club had always been at the frontiers of helping small businesses grow. According to him, the organization had been able to achieve this through its micro-credit scheme, that had enabled it give out interest-free loans to traders in the different markets on the Island, so as to further boost their businesses. While charging the beneficiaries to make a judicious use of the funds, the District Governor of Rotary Club of Lagos, Rotarian Remi Bello, commended the organization for engaging in activities that would further bolster the economy of the area. Rotarian Bello, who was on a working visit to the organization, expressed satisfaction with the progress, and feats Rotary Club of Lagos had been able to record in recent times. He however charged the newly-elected president of the organization on the need to  come up with programmes and activities that would further bring succour to the people in the immediate environment. “Let me say I’m quite impressed with what I’ve seen here today, but I will like to charge you to do more.  If people are gainfully employed, it will go a long way in checking insecurity and other vices in our society,” he stated. Rotarian Bello also charged Lagos Rotary Club to come up with an adopt- a- school programme that would see it adopt about 30 schools in the area, so as to provide opportunity of a quality education for indigent students in the area. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…