One person reportedly died in a multiple fatal accident along Ilorin-old Jebba road on Monday morning, while several people sustained varying degrees of injury as a government escort vehicle override two tricycles. However, an eyewitness said that three passengers from two of the commercial tricycles died on the spot at the accident scene. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that the multiple crash, which occurred at Government Secondary School (GSS)-Fate junction, along Ministry of Agric, Ilorin, was said to have resulted from overspeeding and speed violation. The Kwara state sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Jonathan Owoade, who confirmed the incident, said that two yellow commercial tricycles and one black escort Toyota Hilux vehicle were involved in the fatal auto crash. The FRSC boss also said that one female adult passenger of a yellow commercial tricycle died and one minor severely injured in the auto crash. He said the two victims were rushed to a private hospital near the accident scene, adding that the female adult gave up the ghost while the minor is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital. However, an eyewitness said that three passengers from two of the commercial tricycles were killed on the spot by the Toyota Hilux escort vehicle, a development that reportedly led to pandemonium. It was also gathered that tricycle riders out of annoyance demonstrated at the scene by beating every uniform men on sight. The environment was said to be in the state of brouhaha has the policemen shot to scare the tricycle riders away in a measure to ease the traffic that had erupted as a result of the incident. “One female adult and one female child were rescued from the crash scene of the incident and taken to Olutayo hospital with our patrol vehicle while two of the road marshals were left to control traffic as gridlock was building up. The dead victim had already been evacuated before our arrival. “Shortly before our patrol vehicle returned from hospital, a report was received that a group of tricycle riders were beating up uniform men around and policemen who came for the rescue were shooting to scare them away. The marshals on ground were instructed to leave the scene immediately. “The angry reaction of the tricycle riders was directed at security personnel because the escort can carrying flashers that crushed the two tricycles was suspected to belong to security outfits. The rescue team could not gather other necessary information because of the tensed situation at the crash scene,” the state FRSC boss said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Escort vehicle crushes tricycle passengers in Kwara  ;  Escort vehicle crushes tricycle passengers in Kwara  ;  Escort vehicle crushes tricycle passengers in Kwara ; Escort vehicle crushes tricycle passengers in Kwara. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.