The Yoruba activist, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, popularly known as Sunday Igboho, has spoken about the attack on his Soka, Ibadan home on Thursday morning, saying he was in the house and saw two people shot dead. Speaking to the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) Pidgin Service on Thursday afternoon, Igboho alleged that those who came to attack his house were officers of the Department of State Services (DSS) and men of the Nigerian Army. He also claimed that two people were killed during the attack which he said happened around 1:30 a.m., adding that he peeped through the window and saw everything that happened. According to him: “Around 1:30 a.m., I just heard gunshots in front of my house with the attackers saying ‘all of you come out, we are DSS, we are soldiers.’ “I peeped through the window, saw them in uniforms–DSS uniform and the uniform of the Nigerian Army. I was surprised, wondering what the problem was. I never killed anybody, I never fought anybody, what I’m doing is to fight for my people. “I’m fighting for my family because the Fulani bandits killed my family, raped them, kidnapped them, took ransoms from them. Government has refused to do the right thing for my family, that’s why I come out for my people to fight for our right. So, I was surprised.” Asked by the BBC how many people were killed and how many were taken away, Igboho said: “I was in the house this morning when they came. There were two guys that they killed around 2:00 a.m. when shooting was so much. They destroyed all my property, all the property that I have. I had about N2 million inside my wardrobe, I can’t find it again.” Here is the video interview with the BBC. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!   Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.