Tricycle operators in Abia state will now be insured against unforeseen circumstances. This gesture was courtesy of Universal Insurance Plc, Nigeria, UIPN, to cover involvements in road mishaps with benefits between N25,000.00 and N250,000.00 yearly and other monetary assistance. Sensitizing the drivers over the Keke Personal Assurance Safety Scheme, KEKE PASS, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of UIPN, Dr Ben Ujoatuonwu, said the company looked at the needs and the environment of the drivers before coming up with the policy that is unique to UIPN and different from the regular insurance business. According to him, “We went into research and saw what will give succor to them and others including motorcycle operators and shop owners”, adding that this is the first of its kind since keke business in Umuahia. He assured that since starting operations in 1961, the company had not failed to honour its obligations, while the micro insurance would be of immense benefit to keke riders in the state, and aimed at encouraging them in business like it is doing now in Abuja. According to the consultant handling the business in the state, Mr. Ekene Ekeoba, of Country Pride Group, the keke business in the state is structured and the insurance system came to be after consultations with the keke unions in the state based on their needs, while the Group Head (Retail) UIPN, Mr Tony Okafor said the insurance firm would organize seminars and sensitization workshops for the policy owners in the state. Speaking with newsmen later, the zonal chairman of one of the tricycle operators in the state, ATRIWA, Mr Chisom John, said his union and others including SATOA (State Amalgamated Tricycle Owners Association) and TOAN (Tricycle Owners Association of Nigeria) commend the initiative UIPN which is good for their members and operators of keke in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers… Insurance firm moves to cover tricycle operators in Abia  ;  Insurance firm moves to cover tricycle operators in Abia  ;  Insurance firm moves to cover tricycle operators in Abia  ;  Insurance firm moves to cover tricycle operators in Abia.