The management of the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Abeokuta, has vowed not to tolerate any form of threats and breaches of the safety and security of lives of its healthcare team. The Acting Medical Director of the hospital, Dr Fidelis Ojeblenu, while addressing a news conference at the Board Room of the tertiary institution on Tuesday, said the hospital has overhauled the security architecture to forestall any ugly occurrence. Tribune Online recalled that a medical doctor was physically assaulted by relatives of a patient after the latter died. This development resulted in protest, as medical doctors and nurses embarked on indefinite strike. The medical staff noted that verbal and physical assaults on them had become a recurrence which must be tackled headlong. Ojeblenu informed journalists that the culprit had been arrested and handed over to the Police for investigation. “The services of our team are guided by professional regulation and standards. We recognise that patients and their relatives are distressed and burdened as they seek care. We strive to put smiles on their stressed faces. “Rather than commend us, we receive condemnation. This played out in the recurrent incidents of physical and verbal assaults on our health workers by patients and their relatives. “Other times, property of the hospital has been destroyed, all attributed to perceived ill-treatment and dissatisfaction. “We observed the incidents is increasing in frequency. Usually, it used to be verbal assaults but it’s taking a new dimension of slapping and beating. “There are lawful avenues for resolution of perceived ill-treatment or complaints by patients and their relatives, without taking laws into their hands,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  We’ll no longer tolerate assault of any form on medical team, says Ogun FMC management ;  We’ll no longer tolerate assault of any form on medical team, says Ogun FMC management  ;  We’ll no longer tolerate assault of any form on medical team, says Ogun FMC management ;  We’ll no longer tolerate assault of any form on medical team, says Ogun FMC management.