The forum of northeastern governors of Nigeria has called on the diplomatic community, partners and donor agencies supporting the region in caring for the IDP’s to activate the process of transiting from humanitarian to stabilization and durable situation within the region. This was contained in a communique issued at the end of the forum’s 5th, meeting held in Jalingo Taraba State, on Tuesday and Wednesday and signed by its chairman and governor of Borno State, Prof. Babagana Umara Zulum. According to the governors, the activation will ensure sustainability and give people the opportunity to help themselves out of poverty and will address the socio-economic dimension of insecurity in the region. While noting the general improvement of the security situation in the region, the forum called for a continuous collaboration among security agencies to sustain the gains, just as they also noted the negative impact of drug and narcotic substances in the region and the extent to which it fouls the Insurgency and other forms of criminality in the region and called for support in the area of stopping drug trafficking and enforcing narcotic control within the region and across the borders Parts of the communique read, “The forum notes the good work of the Rural Electrification Agency of Nigeria (REAN) and resolved to support the agency to deliver on its mandate within the region. It, however, calls on the agency to intensify working with designated Focal Persons at the individual state level to ensure the justifiable spread of projects across the region.” While noting the activities of the NEDC as an intervention agency in the region, the forum expressed deep concern that the lof consultation between the commission and the various state governments within the region on project priorities and locations stow and the speed of wark on those projects already in place within the region, is slow. “The forum, therefore, calls on the commission to consult the various state governments within the region on priorities for intervention, location of projects and the development of the North- East Masterplan. It equally calls for expedited action to complete the existing projects in the region. “The forum notes the technical support on potentials for growth and development of the region especially the Agribusiness Programme using innovative financing model of the Adamawa State Government by the Arawa Research and Development Project (ARDP) and agreed that the research be extended to all the states of the region.” The forum, therefore, directed the management of ARDP to immediately prepare and submit the project proposal to the NEGF Secretariat for onwards transmission to the various states for implementation. The forum while interacting with the Commissioners of the Federal Character Commission appreciated their effort at ensuring compliance with the Federal Character principle. It however expressed dismay over the shortfall in the number of applicants from the region in the recent recruitment into some Federal Agencies. The forum, therefore, resolved to follow up with all the concerned agencies to ensure that the region gets its fair share in the recruitments into the concerned agencies The forum deliberated extensively on the presentation on the Mambila Hydroelectric Power Project and noted with dismay, that the project as important as it is to Nigeria and the North East sub-region, is surrounded by a lot of contractual encumbrances which have stalled its take-off and realization. The forum, therefore, called on the President to accord the project the desired seriousness by establishing a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) to address the encumbrances and bring the project to reality. “In its bid to reposition Education in the sub-region, the Forum has received a report from the North East Council on Education. It has taken the Councils advisory on the improvement of quality and performance of students and teachers screening and training.” The correspondent reported that the forum has resolved to hold its next meeting in Damaturu, Yobe State, on Saturday, 9th. October 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Insecurity: Northeast govs solicit supporting agencies on sustainability We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Insecurity: Northeast govs solicit supporting agencies on sustainability