About 64 retired staff of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University(Unizik) Awka, Anambra State, have been presented with certificates of meritorious service by the Academic Staff Union of Nigeria Universities(ASUU). Speaking during the event held at ASUU Multi-Purpose Complex, Awka, on Tuesday, the Chapter Chairman of the Union, Dr Stephen Ufoaro, said they decided to honour them for being committed to duty during their service years. He added that their sacrifices, team spirit and resourcefulness must not go unrewarded by the university teachers, noting that they impacted the lives of both students and staff of the institution. The ASUU Chairman explained that the union had also resolved to make recognition of deserving members a regular event as a means of promoting productivity in the academic community. “Today, we are honouring our members who contributed immensely in manpower development and service delivery in our institution. We started from those who retired in 2012 and we are to continue in that order. These are staff who redefined what dedication to duty should be,” Ufoaro said. In a brief remark, the immediate past Chairman of the Union, Unizik Chapter, Prof Dennis Aribodor, said he was delighted to be associated with the celebration of excellence in service delivery. While commending the union for considering it proper to recognize the awardees, he urged serving staffers of the university to emulate them and live above board while discharging their duties. He, then, lauded the existing cordial relationship existing between the union and management of the institution led by its Vice-Chancellor, Professor Charles Esimone, and called for its sustenance to enhance industrial harmony. Some of the retirees including Prof Ngozi Orjiako and Dr Issac Okelulu appreciated the union for the honour bestowed on them YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Unizik: ASUU honours 64 retirees for meritorious service Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Unizik: ASUU honours 64 retirees for meritorious service