Foremost seer and head of Inri Evangelical Spiritual Church, with headquarters in Lagos, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has cautioned the Federal Government to be careful in handling the re-arrest and prosecution of the self-acclaimed leader of the Independent People of Biafra (IPOB) so as not to worsen the current insecurity bedeviling the country. It is recalled that after Kanu jumped bail in 2017, he fled Nigeria but was re-arrested a few days ago leading to jubilation in government circles, with his re-arrest generating mixed feelings in other quarters. It is also recalled that Primate Ayodele repeatedly prophesied the re-arrest of Kanu; the death of Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau; IPOB’s shutdown of the South-East economy; the exchange rate of a dollar to N500; the plane crash of the Nigeria Air Force which led to the death of the Chief of Army Staff; the emergence of Andy Uba as All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate, Soludo as APGA governorship candidate, Ozigbo as governorship candidate of PDP; the crisis in the South-West; the attack on governors by bandits; the gas explosion at OPIC and the kidnapping of traditional rulers in the South-West, among others. While speaking to Tribune Churchnews, he stated that “the Federal Government should not celebrate the re-arrest of Nnamdi Kanu. This is not the solution to Nigeria’s many problems. The government must be proactive in doing something that would justify the mandate given them by the people. If care is not taken, Kanu’s re-arrest will look like the El-Zakzaky’s conundrum. IPOB will begin protests. The government must do what is right so that the re-arrest of Kanu will not trouble Nigeria. Kanu should not be addressed as terrorist. We have seen a terrorist in the president’s cabinet; we have seen an Islamic cleric who plays mediatory role between terrorists/bandits/kidnappers and the government. Nigeria is going through a lot. President Buhari is not taking Nigeria to the next level.” Concerning the 2022 governorship election in Ekiti State, Ayodele warned the incumbent Governor Kayode Fayemi to “pick his successor from the southern part of Ekiti for the governorship election. The southern candidate that will surprise Ekiti should be sourced between Ikere and Ilawe. Fayemi should look towards Ilawe ultimately. Only that will make APC victorious in the coming election in the state in 2022,” he said. He also revealed that “APC will lose the Anambra State election if it uses Andy Uba. The only person that will give the party success is George Moghalu. APGA will experience more problems if it refuses to settle its wrangling. The election may go to YPP or PDP if APGA refuses to put its house in order. “Nationally, the efforts of the PDP can only be meaningful if they work as a team because two governors are about to defect from the PDP; when these two governors leave, the party would have stability. The PDP would have challenges if it neglects to do what is right. “More governors to be attacked; their lives are in danger.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts…  Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.