An Ekiti State High Court sitting in Ado Ekiti, the state capital, on Thursday, sentenced to life imprisonment a cleric, Olakanye Oni, for killing a worshipper in his church. Oni who was the presiding cleric of the Palace of Mercy church in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital was accused of killing one Mrs Gbadamosi Omowale who came to his church for a spiritual solution to her challenges. According to the prosecution team led by the Director of Public Prosecutions, Ministry of Justice, Julius Ajibare, the convicted cleric committed the offence in March 2017, when, “he invited the deceased from Lagos to Ado Ekiti on the pretence that he has a solution to her barrenness.” Ajibare added: ” On getting to his Church at Palace of Mercy, Mathew Street, Odo Ado Area, Ado Ekiti, the convict hypnotised the victim and lured her into his room. He thereafter spread a white cloth on her and raped her. “The convict used a white handkerchief to clean the victim’s private part and inserted a substance believed to be potash into her vagina. He also collected a sum of Fifty Two Thousand Naira from the victim. “The victim’s private part got decayed as a result of the substance inserted into it by the convict and this resulted in the victim’s eventual death.” The prosecution called six witnesses to prove the case while the defence counsel, Chris Omokhafe,                                               called one person as a witness. In his judgement, Justice Abiodun Adesodun held that the prosecution proved the offence of manslaughter beyond reasonable doubt against the cleric and sentenced him to life imprisonment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Ekiti cleric bags life imprisonment for killing worshipper for ritual Ekiti cleric bags life imprisonment for killing worshipper for ritual Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.