Operatives of the Nigeria Police, Delta State Command, have arrested a suspected 17-year-old drug peddler with 107 suspected drugs and eight members of the Aiye Black Axe Confraternity in Asaba and Warri axis of the state. Acting Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bright Edafe, made the disclosure in a statement on Sunday. He said the teenager, Esealuka Paul, was nabbed on July 8 by Operation Delta Hawk team along Cable Point Asaba with 68 sachets of dried weed suspected to be Indian hemp, 33 sachets of SK, six packs of Razler and one lighter. According to him, the right suspected Black Axe cult members were rounded up on July 7 in spite of police warning against any congregation of cult groups to celebrate the day. “On the  7/7/2021 at about 1400hrs, in line with Commissioner of police  directives on cult activities, bearing in mind that 7th July of every year is the day singled out by Aiye contratanity cult group to mark their day and also bring out their ugly faces thereby causing mayhem in the society. “The Commissioner of Police, in his usual proactive ways, directed that all DPOs be on the lookout and  ensure that all their nefarious activities were checkmated. “The DPO ‘A’ Division Warri, CSP T.Y Mahmud led men of the Divisional Rapid Respond Squad on visibility patrol, while on patrol, intercepted and  arrested one Oghenewaro Bebe ‘m’ 21yrs of No. 22 of Ughoton area in Okpe LG in a full regalia of Aiye Black Axe confraternity. “The suspect confessed to be a member of the above cult group. He led the team to a bush bar at Jeddo which is their meeting point. “At the bush bar, one live silver-like 7.63mm ammunition was recovered. Suspect further led the police to Ughoton community where one of the top leaders of the confraternity, Oritsetusem Fenemigho ‘m’ 29yrs, was arrested along with Weyinmi Onomakponi ‘m’ 35yrs, Emmanuel Edah ‘m’ 27yrs, Osro Etiosa ‘m’ 23yrs, Oshef  Benji ‘m’ 27yrs, Confidence Sunday ‘m’ 18yrs, Akintemeyin James ‘m’ 18yrs and Hope Agbogidi ‘f’ 25yrs. “The following exhibits were recovered in the apartment: Two (2) locally  made pistol, one (1) battles axe, one (1) long cutlass, five (5) customized Aiye pillows, one (1) customized center table with Aiye logo, one (1) AK 47 expended ammunition, necklace used as body protection charm, two (2) HP Laptop, six (6) iphones, two (2) suspected stolen Lexus car keys, one (1) original and a duplicate copy. “The said Oritseusen Fenemigho equally led the team to Idimi Osobo under Okere Urhobo where they recovered a suspected stolen car,” he narrated. He quoted the Commissioner of Police, Ari Muhammed Ali, as thanking members of the public for their cooperation, urging parents and guardians to monitor and advise their wards against cultism. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… 