The leadership of the National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies has revealed how the Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion initiative chiselled out of Africa Continental Free Trade Agreement (ACFTA), by the association had opened up windows of profitable passengers capacity for Egypt Air. The airline which was among the four African carriers — RwandAir, Kenya Airways, and Ethiopian Airlines — pooled by NANTA President, Mrs Susan Akporiaye about three months ago, to kickstart innovative Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion geared towards driving and facilitating Intra African trade and tourism, has seen the passengers traffic of Egypt Air on the rise, since COVID-19 which slowed down travel business across board. Akporiaye described the cheerful report of patronage by the NANTA  members under the scheme, as instructive of the values of collaboration under the Africa Continental Free Trade Agreement (ACFTA) and to which the four airlines have committed to support through commercial aviation platform. Her words: “I have received calls of appreciation from the management of Egypt Air, commending NANTA members for coming out with trade and tour groups since we birthed the agenda and you won’t believe it, all flights for shopping and holidays are headed towards Cairo and as the summer beckons, we expect Nigerians who are used to Dubai, will find Cairo a better and inspiring alternative”. She reiterated that the Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion initiative by the association in collaboration with the airlines, would grow bigger and better, keeping the airlines busy and profitable all the round the year and NANTA members smiling to the bank. “It promises to be better for the airlines and NANTA members as we partner and grow together. We shall soon make available to doubting Thomases the statistics of passengers growth capacity which our initiative have contributed to profitability of the carriers in these tough times.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  How ‘Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion’ by NANTA boosts air traffic  ;  How ‘Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion’ by NANTA boosts air traffic  ;  How ‘Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion’ by NANTA boosts air traffic  ;  How ‘Africa to Africa Tourism Promotion’ by NANTA boosts air traffic. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.