A magistrate court sitting in Osogbo, Osun State capital, on Monday, arraigned seven persons arrested in connection with the Muslims/Masquerades clash in Osogbo for alleged assault and vandalisation. Ifashola Esuleke, Adeosun Kola and Idowu Abimbola were docked on four-count charges bordering on conspiracy to commit vandalise property, damaging a mosque, damaging a Toyota Camry with registration number, GGE 954 BV belonging to one of the Muslim worshippers. The Islamic cleric, Qosim Yunus and three of his followers, Salawu Jimoh, Alarape Sulaiman and Raimi Saheed were docked on six counts bordering on assault occasioning harm, conduct likely to cause a breach of public peace, obstruction of duty, assaulting Policewoman inspector. Though, the prosecutor, Mr Abiodun Badiora, told the court that, the offences committed by the defendants are contrary and punishable under sections 83, 197, 355, 356(5)(6), 451 and 517 of the State Criminal Law 2002, the defendants pleaded not guilty to the charges preferred against them. However, Counsel to the cleric and his followers, Mr Kazeem Babatunde, in his oral application, told the court that his clients have proved they would not jump bail, having been attending police station regularly even after granted administrative bail. He then prayed the court to admit his clients to bail for the charges preferred against them are bailable offences. Also, counsel to the Masquerades, Mr Abimbola Ige, urged the court to admit his clients to bail in the most liberal terms with an argument that they have credible surety to guarantee that they would not jump bail and ready to face trial. Badiora, however, charged the court to grant the bail with conditions that could compel both parties to attend court appropriately, as the prosecution is ready to proceed to trial. In his ruling, Presiding Magistrate, Mr Asimiyu Adebayo, admitted the defendants to bail in the sum of N1million with one surety each. The next hearing on the case had been fixed for September 13, 2021. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Court arraigns seven in Osun over Masquerade, Muslim clash  ;  Court arraigns seven in Osun over Masquerade, Muslim clash  ;  Court arraigns seven in Osun over Masquerade, Muslim clash  ;  Court arraigns seven in Osun over Masquerade, Muslim clash.