The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested two nightclub owners, Boniface Odenigbo Amandianeze and Olasunmbo Olawale Winfunke, for alleged internet fraud and money laundering. Amandianeze and Winfunke are said to own Buzz Bar, a nightclub on Adetokunbo Ademola Street, Victoria Island, Lagos. The suspects were arrested at No 2A and 2B Oniru Estate, Lagos, by operatives of the EFCC’s Lagos Zonal Office. The agency, in a statement, said their arrest followed “credible intelligence received by the Commission about their alleged involvement in romance scam, business email compromise, benefit scam, credit card fraud and money laundering. “Upon their arrest, four exotic cars, mobile devices, laptop computers, jewellery and wristwatches worth hundreds of millions were recovered from them. “Further investigations have also established nexus with other associates who are suspected to be into computer-related fraud.” The agency said they would soon be charged to court. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  EFCC arrests two nightclub owners in Lagos Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  EFCC arrests two nightclub owners in Lagos [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…