Senator Grace Jackson Bent, a member of the BoT of the main opposition party, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) barely two weeks after the Party lost Zamfara State Governor and a few others to the APC. On Saturday, Yola the capital of Adamawa State that was thrown into a carnival of a sort as three All Progressives Congress (APC) Governors stormed the city to formally receive her as she formally defected to the APC. Governors Abubakar Badaru, Simon Bako Lalong of Jigawa and Plateau states respectively as well as Yahaya Bello of Kogi State who was represented by his Deputy, Mr Lawrence Onoja were all on the ground alongside APC big wigs to receive what was described as a big catch from the PDP. In an elaborate ceremony attended by many party bigwigs within and outside Adamawa State, the National Chairman Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Committee (CCECC) Mai Mala-Buni welcomed the new entrant saying that her decision to join the ruling party at this critical time was apt. Mai Mala-Buni who was represented by former Senate President, Ken Nnamani noted that in recent times, the party has been poaching on the opposition political parties crippling their support base. He added that “the massive defection into APC was an indication of the ever-increasing popularity of the party build on principles of equity and fair play noting that the massive infrastructure and solid democratic credentials being rooted by the party was its major selling point”. Ken Nnamani assured the new entrants that as a party that treats everybody fairly, they will be given the same opportunities alongside those they met in the party calling on all party members to work in harmony with them so as to move the party forward and reclaim its lost mandate in the state. The National Vice Chairman Caretaker Committee North East, Professor Mamman Tahir, welcomed Senator Bent and promised her a fair and equal opportunity with those already in the party. While commending her decision to come to the party, he said it was a wise decision stressing that it was timely as APC has become the party to beat in Nigeria considering its massive attraction to all Nigerians. State chairman of APC, Alh. Ibrahim Bilal said that Senator Bent is now in safe hands adding that she will not regret leaving her former party calling on all party members to extend the hand of fellowship and give her the maximum cooperation to contribute optimally to the development of the party. In her speech, Sen Folashade Jackson Bent said that ” I have worked for PDP for 21 years now, I left the party because I believe that it is only changed that is constant. It is a new chapter in my political career and I want to move on, I feel my interest is paramount to me.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Senator Bent dumps PDP  Senator Bent dumps PDP Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Senator Bent dumps PDP  Senator Bent dumps PDP