Singer, Davido has finally broken his silence on the demise of his personal assistant and associate, Habeebat Uthman, popularly known as Obama 44. Obama who is well known in the music industry as Davido’s right hand man died last week of what his people described as heart failure after he was said to have complained of having difficulty breathing. A candle night possession was held in his honour at his Lekki residence on Wednesday with top celebrities, friends and associates. With a flurry of emotional messages trailing his death, fans had waited to hear from Davido, but the singer who Tribune Online had reported to be devastated by the sudden demise of Obama broke his silence on Wednesday evening in a series of tweets eulogising his late friend. The tweets read: “This is by far the hardest thing I’ve had to write. Hurt, broken, sad, and lost. For the first time in my life, I am EXTREMELY confused. The pain is one I cannot explain. 44 was more than an elder brother to me, he was a protector. someone that literally just always made me smile. “No matter the issue ,problems I had. His response was always “Don’t worry, I’ll talk to them”, “Don’t worry I’ll sort it out”, “Don’t worry I’ll give them something”. I would nvr believe in a millions years I will be writing a tribute like this to someone so dear to me this soon. “All my life it’s been “David you’re strong, David you’re strong”. 44 I won’t lie to you, this time around, this one WEAK ME!!  I miss you so much 44. “You became so peaceful. You found peace and purpose, a true generational influence. I cannot even begin to count the number of people you helped, artistes you brought to me, people you brought together in nothing but love and brotherhood. Actors, artistes, influencers all. God! “44 I swear you will never be forgotten. Up until now, I cannot believe this is real, I don’t even know what I’m writing, I’m just writing. I’m just confused. “This has been such a haunting week for all of us. All of us, me, his family, his son, his daughter, his brothers, his friends, a whole brotherhood; God give us all the strength. This isn’t even about me, it’s about all of us, and all the amazing plans and vision you had. “It is hard getting by without you, my backbone is truly gone but I won’t stop making you proud. I promise to continue to take this thing we started together, to the ends of the earth. I promise to continue dominating the world. “And to Malik, even though you are taller than me , you are basically my son. Doing so well in school, passing with flying colours. I have to be strong for you, and u have to be strong for the family, your mom . Everything 44 wanted to do for you, we will finish it together. “44 MY FRIEND. May God accept you to His kingdom. I Love You. “he wrote. 