A cleric has said it is time for Christians at large to constitute a church without blemish, irrespective of the current challenges facing the nation, as it is the only attribute that makes the righteous genuinely united as well as make heaven. General Overseer of the Church of God, Nigeria, Olubamiji Adeosun, stated this at the inauguration and ordination of Pastor Emmanuel Ogunkanmi, at the church auditorium, Church of God, Nigeria, Paara Oloriire Assembly, Ona Ara zone 1, Paara, Ibadan, Oyo State, last Sunday. In his sermon entitled ‘Building a Church without Blemish’, he charged Christians across board to remain holy and heaven-conscious in all ramifications of their lives, adding that it is the only way to prove to be a true Christian. “There is no doubt we are in a trying time as a nation and the body of Christ is not exempted. I don’t think it is something new as far as the Bible is concerned. It has happened in so many nations of the world. All we need to do is to rely on God and do His will. “We should not depend on the government because it has failed completely in all the theories of economy. It is we, Christians, that can stand in gap for our nation and seek the face of God for divine intervention.  As a matter of fact, this is what God is expecting from the Church now and we must be ready to take up our core responsibility and also do away with things that will bring blemish to the church of God,” he added. In his remarks, the newly-ordained cleric, Pastor Ogunkanmi, expressed his delight at the success of the event, saying “I am very happy and glorify God for what He has done in making me one of His vessels in the vineyard. “I thank everyone who is a witness to this success story. I have handed over everything to the Holy Spirit for divine direction and I know there are tasks before me, such as teaching, counselling, admonishing and all other things to ensure the church is moving on effectively and gloriously. God will make it smooth.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.