The Nigeria Civil Service Union (NCSU) has given full backing and support to various actions taken by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) to protest the sack of thousands of workers by the Kaduna State Government. In a communiqué issued at the end of its National Executive Council (NEC) meetings held in Abuja, the union condemned what it described as various anti-workers policies of the Kaduna State Government. The communique signed by the NCSU President, Comrade Lawrence Amaechi and the General Secretary, Comrade Yahaya Ndako, said the NEC supports the entire action taken by the leadership of NLC to mount necessary pressure that will make the Kaduna State Government see reasons why workers in the state should be treated better. The NEC-in-session further expressed serious concern over the high level of security challenges in the country. The union also observed that it was unspeakable that there is a high rate of banditry, kidnapping, ritual killings and disturbing armed herdsmen across the country. The NEC, therefore, called on the Federal Government to re-strategize and scale up new frontiers that will clip the dreadful tide of insecurity in the country through egalitarian policies that will divert the mindset and the attention of youth in Nigeria through proper gainful employment. The communique read: “The NEC-in-Session supported a proper restructuring of the country that will lead to true federalism in all facets of political architecture of Nigeria and in line with the dictate, lettered and spirit of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “The true federalism of Nigeria will mitigate against race for the control of the national government; true federalism will stimulate a fair share of the nation’s resources.” On the issue of minimum wage, the meeting called on various states that are yet to implement the National Minimum Wage Act to do so in order not to see the wrath of Nigerian workers. The meeting recalled that the New Minimum Wage Act was signed into law by  the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Muhammandu Bahari in April 2018. “The defaulting states are hereby advised to be law abiding and implement the minimum wage without further delay so as not to  witness any  industrial crisis in their respective states,” the communique added. On the increase of the prices of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), popularly called petrol and electricity tariff, the union cautioned the Federal Government against such action. The NEC said such action would further increase the suffering of many Nigerians, and urged the Federal Government to “be responsible enough to provide regulatory policy that will ensure consistent template which will not put electricity consumers in the hands of self serving and exploitative hands of electricity distribution companies so that consumers can be excused from the cleavages of exploiters.” The NEC approved the appointment of new General Secretary for the Union in person of Comrade Mohammed Ibraheem Bomoi with effect from September 1, 2021;  while about 114 staff of the union were promoted to various categories of grade levels and positions of high responsibilities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…