The Academic Board of Kogi State Polytechnic has expelled 27 students for examination misconduct and other related offences. This was contained in a press statement issued by Uredo Omale (Mrs.) Head, Public Relations and Protocol Unit of the institution. Among the students expelled was Adeyemi Michael Seun, with Matric Number 2019/ND/ARC/011 from the Department of Architectural Technology, who was found in possession of a textbook relevant to the examination in question. According to the statement, the duo of Mr Mohammed Iliasu Maikudi from Public Administration Department with Matric Number 2018/HND/PAD/769 and Kadiri Samson (2017/ND/OTM/034), from the Department of Office Technology and Management, were also expelled for hiring mercenaries to write examinations for them. “The Board is in the process of withdrawing Certificates of their accomplices; Mr Oladimeji Emmanuel and Mr Ekeono Oluwaseyi, who are former students of the institution for unworthy actions that portrayed the Polytechnic in a bad light. “24 other students expelled were from the School of Management Studies with varied offences related to examination malpractices. “The Board also considered the recommendations of the Academic Board Results Verification Committee and approved supplementary results of 3, 262 students for the 2018/2019 session. “The Board also approved an offer from the Federal University, Lokoja (FUL) to establish its study centre in the Polytechnic, for the purpose of running programmes such as; Top-up, Conversion and Post-Graduate programmes,” the statement added While commending members of the Academic Board for the support so far, the Rector of the Polytechnic, Dr Salisu Ogbo Usman, restated Management’s commitment to upholding the dignity of the Polytechnic through strict adherence to rules. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Kogi Poly expels 27 students for examination misconduct, related offences Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…    Kogi Poly expels 27 students for examination misconduct, related offences