The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has approved the renewal of Dangote Cement Share Buyback Programme effective until the 21st of January, 2022. According to a notice signed by the deputy secretary of Dangote Group, Edward Imoedemhe, the share buy-back programme will be executed under the approval granted by the Company’s shareholders at the recently concluded Annual General Meeting of the company. In line with the recent development, the notice stated that the share buyback will be undertaken through an open market offer or self-tender, at a period and term determined by the company, subject to prevailing market conditions. It will be recalled that in pursuant to a resolution of the Company on 22nd of January 2020, Dangote Cement Plc (DCP) announced a Share Buyback Programme that will see the firm buy back up to 10 per cent of its issued 10.04 billion ordinary shares. The firm announced that the shares bought back will be held as Treasury Shares and subsequently cancelled. To effectively execute this, the firm announced that programme will be implemented in tranches. The first tranche which commenced on 30th of December and ended on 31st of December 2020, saw the company re-purchase about 40,200,000 ordinary shares (representing about 0.24 per cent of the total issued and fully paid ordinary share of the company) at an average share price of N243.02, totalling N9.77 billion. Efforts to salvage the situation paid off on the 26th of May 2021, when shareholders passed a special resolution renewing the Share Buyback Programme. The decision to renew the programme was premised on renewed optimism in the improvement in economic conditions. In line with this development, the firm noted that it will continue to monitor the evolving business environment and market conditions, in making decisions on tranches of the share buyback programme. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…