As the battle of who becomes APC candidate for the Anambra November 6th, 2021 governorship election continues to show muscles, a group known as, Progressive Media Team, of the All Progressive Congress (APC), has called on the National leadership of the party, to respect the position of the Minister for Labour and Productivity, Dr Chris Ngige, on the APC Primary election in Anambra State. They also appealed to the party NWC, to always respect the voice of Dr Ngige, as the leader of APC in Anambra, whenever issues concerning the party arise in the state. Tribune Online had earlier reported that Dr Chris Ngige and eleven aspirants who contested the June 26th, 2021, party’s Primary that lead to the emergence of Senator Andy Uba, as the candidate of the party, rejected the outcome of the exercise, saying that there was no primary election held on the above date in Anambra State. The group, in a statement, signed by its spokesperson, Jude Oruola, and made available to Tribune Online in Awka, on Thursday, called on President Mohammadu Buhari and the South-East leaders to urgently intervene to save the party ahead of the November 6th, election proper. According to the statement, “We want to state it categorically clear that no Primary election was held anywhere in the state and the purported declaration of anybody by Governor Dapo Abiodun led APC Primary election committee in the state only exists in the imagination of the committee and their collaborators in the state. The members of our great party across the 326 political wards in the state are still waiting for the electoral committee since 26th June 2021 to carry out their assignment for the party in the state. The essence of this press statement is to debunk all sorts of press conferences being championed by some unscrupulous elements in the party parading themselves as patriots, media frontiers etc. These groups of persons have no moral standing, integrity and character in our great party. They are known to be money influenced and induced politicians. We challenge all these elements that are out there to ridicule our party and their members to shows the world the evidence of where they were on the line at their various wards voting for the preferred choice ofAspirants on that day. We want to state it here that what Governor Dapo Abiodun did in Anambra State and the progressive family of APC in the state is the most unbelievable show of disregard to the Leader of our great party, Senator Chris Ngige and long committed members of our party in the state. “We want to know where Governor Dapo Abiodun got all the figures he announced to the world. This is pure madness and we wonder how such a man can involve himself in this kind of electoral fraud and heist in the history of Nigeria. We are really disappointed with this Governor and such character has no place in the progressive party like All Progressive Congress. The governor has proven his untrustworthiness and lacking the character and integrity to be called a progressive and the nitty-gritty for future national assignment and has dented his personality with this charade. “We want the general public, Mr President and the National Working Committee of our great party to know that the figures allocated to various Aspirants by Governor Dapo Abiodun do not owe to the participation of Anambra APC members in any primary because no primary election was held anywhere in the 326 wards. This is our position, which has been re-affirmed by the generality of the party leaders, Elders of our Party, Local Government Chairmen of our Party who are the custodian of the party at various Local Governments. “A good example is Aguata Local Government Chairman of APC, Honourable Paulchuks Umenduka who is from the same local Government with Senator Andy Uba, Chief Johnbosco Onukwo and Rev. Godwin Okonkwo, who has come out in public to say there is no accreditation, voting and collation of result in His Local Government on that day. What this means is that there is no election in his Local Government, where the so-called winner merged from. We want to ask Governor Dapo, how can an election take place in the Local Government, yet the Local Government Chairman and ward executives are not aware of the exercise. “It is important to note that as of 5:00 pm on Saturday 26th June 2021, there was no sign of any APC Primary election taking place anywhere despite the large turnout of APC members to exercise their rights. Also, Independent Electoral Commission (INEC), some media houses and accredited observers for the Primary election have spoken with one voice that there was no primary election. “Finally, in the interest of peace and unity, we are calling for a fresh primary election in Anambra State,” the group stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Ngige as APC leader in Anambra, should be respected, group tells Party’s NWC We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.    Ngige as APC leader in Anambra, should be respected, group tells Party’s NWC