Business Metrics, an online business and tech-focused publication, has introduced Policy Implementation Assisted Forum (PIAFo), a new dialogue platform for stakeholders to drive various policies in the country towards effective implementation. According to the convener of the forum, PIAFo is designed in series and targeted at addressing policy implementation failure, which is a major challenge in the administration of affairs across the various sectors that have direct bearing on the socio-economic well-being of the country. The methodology deployed by PIAFo to achieve its goal derives from a multi-stakeholder engagement and dialogue, whereby a policy is dissected and all parties from private to public sectors, who have a role to play in execution, are firstly identified and then brought together at the forum to digest the policy and how they key into it. The first series of the forum, tagged PIAFo-001, is focused on National Policy for Promotion of Indigenous Contents in the Nigerian telecommunications sectors, one of the latest policies in the Nigerian telecoms industry launched recently by President Muhammadu Buhari. The PIAFo-001, a virtual event, is slated for August 5, 2021 by 10:00 a.m. with the theme: National Policy for Promotion of Indigenous Content in the Nigerian Telecommunications Sector. To lay a solid foundation for the dialogue, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Pantami, is expected to give a keynote address at the forum, while the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Professor Umar Garba Danbatta; the Director General of Nigerian Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi; and the Director General of the National Office for Technology Acquisition and Promotion,  Dr. DanAzumi Mohammed Ibrahim, will be giving regulatory insights on the implementation of the policy. Similarly, the event is also expected to see participation of the Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria (ATCON), the Association of Licensed Telecoms Operators of Nigeria (ALTON), the Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NiRA) and the Institute of Software Practitioners Organisation of Nigeria (iSPON), whose chiefs and members would be addressing the forum. In his remarks, Mr Omobayo Azeez, the Managing Editor of Business Metrics and Chairman, Organising Committee, PIAFo-001, assures that participations of stakeholders across the concerned sector has been secured to chart a way for the effective implementation of the policy which seeks to stem $2.6 billion annual capital flights in telecoms industry by promoting alternative solutions that come with ease of doing business. According to him, the forthcoming forum combines the criticality of the telecoms sector as an enabler of the economy and that of promotion of local contents which is an economic catalyst to bridge policy implementation vacuum in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights…