The former Minister of Labour and Productivity, Chief Emeka Wogu, has commended the said creation of 10.5 million jobs by President Muhammadu Buhari administration. Chief Wogu, who gave the commendation while speaking to journalists in Abuja, therefore, called on Nigerians to encourage and support the President further to do more. He appealed to Nigerians to support the President both in their prayers and attitude rather than denigrating the office of Mr President. Against the position of some Nigerians who were doubting the pronouncement of President Buhari that his government had created 10.5 million jobs, the immediate past Minister of Labour said he could not fault the President’s pronouncement. He explained that, from his own experience as a former Minister, before the President could make that pronouncement, the figure should have been validated by the agencies in charge of job creation and job tracking, as well as the Nigeria Bureau of Statistics According to him, “I cannot fault Mr President’s pronouncement because I know that when we were there, we had committees of government that were set up to track-up the jobs that were being created and jobs that were being lost. “I was the chairman and we worked in tandem with the Nigeria Bureau of Statistics and other agencies that are involved in job creation. The idea was to track new jobs that are being created. “So, if Mr President has come out with the pronouncement that the government has created so and so numbers of jobs, that means that the number of jobs has been validated by the agency that is trusted with job creation and job tracking, and then probably the Nigeria Bureau of Statistics.” Against this background, Chief Wogu expressed gladness that 10.5 million jobs had been created, saying, “it gladdened my heart that such number of jobs have been created and we need to encourage Mr President to create more jobs.” He added: “How do we encourage him? It is by us to make sure that we support him, both in prayers and in our attitude. We do not have to denigrate the office of Mr President by insulting him. We do not have to denigrate our country by speaking ill about our country; we do not have to de-market our country because ‘you’ want to win an election in 2023. It is not all about the current players in government, it is about our country.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights…