Nigeria’s Aero Contractors airline has attributed the cause of flight disruption in its operations last week which negatively affected many passengers to weather regard issues. The bad weather which led to flight delays in its operations out of Asaba and Abuja has generated condemnation from passengers and stakeholders in the aviation sector. The airline in an apology statement issued to clear the air on the disruptions declared: “The delay of flight out of Asaba was caused by the bad weather that we experienced on that day. Our flight took off from Abuja but could not land in Asaba, we had to do an air return to Abuja. Later the flight went back to Asaba. However, due to the sunset time limitation in Asaba, we had to combine the flights as the flight from Lagos was also delayed due to bad weather. “The overbooked passengers were offered rebate tickets on their next flight or total refund. One passenger was routed via our Benin-Abuja flight the next day while another one was accommodated. “On the N2-128 flight service from Abuja to Lagos, one of our Aircraft that was meant to night stop out of base had an APU issue which Technical needed to fix by having the aircraft back in Lagos. Unfortunately, the earlier operating aircraft had a bigger capacity, so there was an excess of booked passengers. DANA air was contacted for the re-protection of the passengers which the airline agreed to do, but some of the passengers refused, insisting on going with Aero. “This led to the delay but finally almost all the passengers were put on DANA while one passenger was refunded his money based on his preference.” While appealing to the affected passengers, the airline also assured of efforts already taken in its operations to ensure the sad incident did not repeat itself. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Aero attributes causes of flight disruptions to inclement weather  ;  Aero attributes causes of flight disruptions to inclement weather  ;  Aero attributes causes of flight disruptions to inclement weather  ;  Aero attributes causes of flight disruptions to inclement weather.