Supporters and loyalists of the wanted Yoruba nation agitator, Chief Sunday Adeyemo popularly known as Sunday Igboho, on Wednesday protested along Lagos-Ibadan expressway and major streets of Ibadan metropolis, demanding for the release of 13 aides of Igboho, who were arrested during a midnight raid on his residence last Thursday. The protesters, numbering over 1,000 commenced the peaceful demonstration around 11:00 am at the Soka residence of Igboho before moving to challenge, Molete, Oke Bola, Dugbe and the palace of the Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji. Addressing the protesters before the demonstration took off, one of their leaders, whose name could not be ascertained said “It is a peaceful demonstration, we are marching there to demand the release of the detained persons. We are not afraid of teargas, we are marching to demand the rights of our people. We want them to bring the killers of Adogan and Alfa to the book.” Describing the invasion of Igboho’s house by the Department of State Security (DSS) operatives as illegal and barbaric, they demanded immediate and unconditional release of 13 aides arrested during the incident. The protest caused traffic congestion on Lagos-Ibadan expressway along Soka area, Challenge, Molete, Oke Bola, Dugbe and Queen Cinema areas as vehicular movement was disrupted for hours. Displaying placards, bearing various inscriptions,  the protesters decried what they termed the tyrannical approach of President Buhari-led federal government to dissenting voices, clamouring for good governance. At the palace of Olubadan, the protesters gave the Federal Government a seven-day ultimatum to release the arrested 13 aides of Sunday Igboho and also pay a sum of N500 million compensation to him for damages suffered during the DSS raid. They also said the DSS and other security agencies should rescind their declaration of Sunday Igboho as a wanted criminal, contending that he had not committed any crime to deserve such declaration. Responding to the agitation of the protesters, Oba Saliu Adetunji advised the supporters of Sunday Igboho to desist from accusing Yoruba traditional rulers of collecting money from the government, saying such development was embarrassing and demeaning. Olubadan, who spoke through his media aide, Mr Adeola Oloko said the demands of the protesters would be conveyed to governmental authorities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Protest in Ibadan  Protest in Ibadan Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Protest in Ibadan  Protest in Ibadan