A father-in-law, Aminu Ibrahim, his son-in-law and another yet to be identified person has been kidnapped in Lampese, an agrarian community in Akoko Edo Local Government Area of Edo State and a border town to Kogi State. The elderly father-in-law, a septuagenarian, Nigerian Tribune gathered, was on a return journey for peace mission having represented his family to settle a marital squabble between their daughter and her husband in Yamoya near Kabba, Kogi State and was returning with the son-in-law when they were kidnapped by some gunmen on Saturday Their kidnappers, it was further gathered, had contacted the family, asking for N30m ransom. A family source said as, on Monday morning, the kidnappers had reduced their demand to one million per person. “The last time we spoke to him was when he said they were told by the popular Total in Okene that they would soon continue their journey to Igarra which is about 40 minutes. Shortly after that, his phone was no longer going, initially, my husband said maybe they were in an area where there was no network until we were told that their vehicle was attacked by kidnappers and three of them were taken away. He is an old man and the kidnappers have been threatening us that we are delaying them. We have only been able to raise N200,000”, the source, who pleaded anonymity disclosed. A member of the vigilante in the area said they spent the whole of Saturday and Sunday night in the bush combing their possible hideout and routes without success. It would be recalled that policemen in the state rescued nine travellers who were kidnapped along the Benin-Auchi Road early Sunday morning. The rescued victims, according to the Edo Police Command spokesman, Kontongs Bello, were kidnapped at Igieduma village. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Gunmen kidnap father-in-law, son-in-law, one other in Edo  ;  Gunmen kidnap father-in-law, son-in-law, one other in Edo  ;  Gunmen kidnap father-in-law, son-in-law, one other in Edo  ;  Gunmen kidnap father-in-law, son-in-law, one other in Edo. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.