Piqued by the proliferation of poor quality fertilizers in our markets, the Fertilizer Producers and Suppliers Association of Nigeria (FEPSAN), has said they raised  N140bn to  enable genuine blenders to procure raw materials for fertilizer production for the 2021 farming season. This was contained in a statement issued by the FEPSAN’s Executive Secretary Mr. Gideon Negedu after their meeting with the Input Suppliers, Agro-Dealers and Financial Institutions at the weekend. Mr. Negedu said one of the critical challenges facing the association is the  adulteration of fertilizer by some corrupt blenders. According to the statement, ‘adulteration is the biggest problem in the fertilizer industry because poor quality fertilizer shortchanges farmers and reduces crop yield which will eventually affect food security and livelihoods in the country . ‘ This implies that when you ask farmers to invest in fertilizer for his farm, you are asking them to put in their trust in your product for better yield, however, that is not always the case because low quality fertilizer have flooded the market as well as bags of fertilizers below the expected weights. “People buy these fertilizers and expect that the mineral contents of say NPK 15:15:15 is in the right ratio, proportion, and formulations, however, they don’t get what they have paid for because of adulteration. The FEPSAN executive Secretary further advised the citizens to patronize only FEPSAN accredited Blenders to guarantee the quality of the fertilizer purchased. He said ‘FEPSAN is proud to work with the government in coming out with what we call Fertilizer Quality Control Act which will help to sanitize the industry and ensure that farmers have access to quality fertilizer. “That law will help to make sure that there is a teeth to bite for fakers and people who adulterate fertilizer so that when they are caught, they will face the law”. They also called on the government to provide security for farmers so that they will be able to go farming, saying, ‘if we produce anything and the farmers are not there to pick it means nothing. “AGRA is currently supporting the Fertilizer consortium which includes the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR, Zaria), Fertilizer Producers and Suppliers Association of Nigeria (FEPSAN), and the National Program for Food Security (NPFS) towards the development of crop and site specific blends of fertilizer. “The consortium intends to recommend 2 best blends for rice, maize and soybean in Kaduna and Niger State. “The final phase of the fertilizer blend trials will be conducted in 2021 season to validate the already identified blends of fertilizer for rice, maize and soybeans in Kaduna and Niger State,” it declared. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts…  Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.