Kaduna State Government has ordered for the closure of 13 private secondary schools over security threat as a result of the abduction of 140 students of Bethel Baptist High school in the state. This was contained in a statement issued by the Director-General, Kaduna State Schools Quality Assurance Authority, Mrs Umma K. Ahmed. The statement noted that the decision was reached following a meeting held with the National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) with the state giver on Monday. The statement said the decision to close the schools was taken and they were advised to close on Monday, July 5, 2021. ‘You are hereby advised to adhere to the contents of this letter as appropriate sanctions shall be meted out to schools that are found wanting, the statement stressed. The schools affected were Faith Academy, Maraban Rido, Deeper Life Academy, Maraban Rido, ECWA secondary school, Unguwar Maje, Bethel Baptist High school, Damishi, St Peters Seminary, Katari, Prelude Secondary school Kujama and Ibiso Secondary school, Tashar Iche. Others were Tulip International (Boys) school, Tulip International (Girls), Goodnews Secondary School, St Augustine, Kujama, Comprehensive Development Institute, Tudun Mare and Adventist College, Kujama. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Abduction: Kaduna orders closure of 13 secondary schools Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.