Tragedy struck on Wednesday evening as gunmen shot dead the Director of the Science Equipment Development Institute, Akwuke near Enugu, Professor Innocent Ndubuisi. The incident occurred along the Enugu-Port Harcourt highway near the entrance of the Centenary Estate around Amechi Awkunanaw, Enugu. It was gathered that the gunmen also reportedly killed his police escort and abducted his daughter who was also in the car. Professor Ndubuisi hailed fom Mgbowo in Awgu Local Government Area of Enugu State. When contacted, Enugu State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer, Daniel Ndukwe, promised to get back over the incident. Details later…. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go. Federal Civil Service Commission Not Recruiting As Claimed In Viral WhatsApp Message CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking Nigerians to apply for the Federal Civil Service Commission (FCSC) vacancies via a website. VERDICT: The information circulating on WhatsApp that the FCSC is now recruiting, via a certain link, is false. The website is found to be fraudulent. FULL STORY: A viral post on WhatsApp claims the Federal Civil Service Commission is currently looking for candidates to fill vacant positions in some ministries and department agencies. The forward-as-received message attempts to direct readers to this website using a free URL shortener, bit.ly.JUST IN: FG agency’s director, Prof Ndubuisi, shot dead by gunmen, daughter abducted