The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), has arrested a Nigerian woman based in Brazil, Mrs Anita Ugochinyere Ogbonna, at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, with 100 pellets of cocaine concealed in her private part and handbag. Director Media and Advocacy of the Agency, Femi Babafemi in a statement said the mother of three was arrested on Friday night on arrival in Abuja via Qatar Air from Sao Paulo, Brazil through Doha. He said Mrs Ogbonna confessed she decided to traffic the illicit drug to raise money for the burial of her father scheduled for 22nd July in Imo State. Babafemi added that the suspect revealed that one Emeka, alias KC also based in Brazil, gave her the drug to deliver in Nigeria for a fee of $3,000. Also in a related development, Babafemi said narcotics officers attached to a courier company in Lagos, intercepted 500grams of ketamine concealed in the walls of a wooden box filled with bitter kola that originated from Douala, Cameroon and heading to the United States of America, while another 500 grammes of methamphetamine hidden in automobile parts going to Australia were also seized at a firm. Babafemi said, over 410 kilogrammes of assorted illicit drugs were intercepted and seized by NDLEA operatives in Plateau state, while NDLEA officials also recovered 67.2kg of Tramadol heading to Benin republic at a checkpoint close to Ilesha in Osun state He said that a 53-year-old drug trafficker, Zakiru Abdullahi was also arrested on Ilorin-Jebba highway on Thursday 1st July, with 260kilograms of pentazocine injection meant for Kaduna. Reacting to all the successful operations, the chairman of the agency, Brig. Gen. Mohammed Buba Marwa (Rtd) commended officers and men of Abuja airport, Plateau, Kwara commands as well as those in the Directorate of Investigations and Operations, DOGI, attached to the courier firms for their diligence and commitment to work. In a related development, narcotic officers attached to a courier company in Lagos have intercepted 500 grammes of ketamine concealed in the walls of a wooden box filled with bitter kola that originated from Douala, Cameroon and heading to the United States of America (USA), while another 500 grammes of methamphetamine hidden in automobile parts going to Australia were also seized at the firm. Meanwhile, over 410 kilograms of assorted illicit drugs have been intercepted and seized by NDLEA operatives in Plateau and Kwara states. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.