The Federal Government has reaffirmed its commitment towards improving the aquaculture sub-sector to increase domestic production and reduce the importation of fish into the country. Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Alhaji Sabo Nanono made this known during the International Dialogue on the Transformation and Future of Aquatic Food Systems in Nigeria held in Abuja. Nanono explained that his ministry has been pursuing a holistic approach to the development of Fisheries and Aquaculture Sub-Sector through the diversification Programme of President Buhari. He said, ‘’The important role of fish in food and nutrition security cannot be overemphasized, being a good source of protein for a human diet containing essential amino acids required by humans in the right quantities “These are usually lacking in most national staple foods; Fish, therefore, remains a valuable nutritional supplement and a vital candidate for addressing food and nutrition security in Nigeria.” According to Nanono, the development of the nation’s aquaculture sub-sector is highly critical to the growth of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Represented by the Director, Fisheries and Aquaculture Department, Dr Ime Umoh, the minister stated that despite the potential impacts of the fisheries and aquaculture resources, the sector was confronted with numerous challenges. These challenges, Nanono listed included the high cost of inputs, use of unimproved breeds in aquaculture, and need for improved access to finance. He further disclosed that the ministry was willing to engage and partner stakeholders for the economic development of the sector for wealth and job creation as well as food and nutrition security. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…