A team of joint security agencies on Wednesday reportedly invaded two communities in Enugu State, where the locals had chased away a gang of rampaging herdsmen who spoilt their farmlands. Tribune Online gathered that the team, led by some soldiers, led the herdsmen back to the villages, while the locals were subjected to harrowing experiences at the hands of the military men. The herdsmen were said to have been chased out of the communities in Nkanu West LGA of Enugu State and were, and were reportedly escorted back to the communities by the military men. According to some sources, the soldiers who had invaded and besieged the communities on Wednesday later left and returned on Thursday with Police and DSS operatives, chasing and harassing hapless indigenes who scampered into nearby bushes and to neighbouring communities. In one of the communities, Uhuagba Ndiagu Akpugo, a house belonging to one of the indigenes was allegedly torched by the combined security team. No life has so far been reported lost. The Chairman of Nkanu West, Nwabueze Nnamani, who though could not confirm the incident as he was yet to be briefed by heads of security in the council area, said that the action was said to be a military operation. The Council Secretary, Edison Edeh, corroborated this, adding that no contacts or reports had emanated from any of the security agencies or the affected communities of Ugwu Agba and Ndiagu Akpugo respectively. Asked whether the council had visited the area, Eden said the chairman could not go without a security escort, and he was waiting for the DPO to brief him. Meanwhile, the communities were reportedly deserted as the youth had escaped to other places around and in neighbouring Ebonyi State, and some to Enugu metropolis. Efforts to speak with local people and their traditional rulers failed as people were wary about betraying their hideouts. Enugu state Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, did not pick calls put to him and when he did, only grunted when the issue was raised. Enugu State is a party to the Southern Governors ban on open grazing but enforcement has been left to ESN and citizens employing self-help. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Aftermath of Kanu’s arrest  Aftermath of Kanu’s arrest Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Aftermath of Kanu’s arrest  Aftermath of Kanu’s arrest Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.