Tragedy struck in Ebonyi State when lightning killed three persons in Afikpo, Afikpo North Local Government Area. The incident occurred around 3 pm on Friday in Ngodo community and another community in the ancient town after a heavy downpour that lasted for some hours. A resident of Afikpo, Iheukwumere Okogwu Otu who spoke to Tribune Online, said one of the deceased was from Cross River State and has lived in the area for years. “Yes, it is true that thunder killed three persons in our place. There was heavy rainfall that day which was accompanied by serious thunder and lightning. “The lightning occurred in two different places. It killed two in Ngodo community and another person in another place. One of those that was killed is from Cross River State who settled in Afikpo,” he said. He described the incident as unfortunate and the first of its kind in the area. Another person, Eze Christian Egwu told Tribune Online that the heavy downpour which he said started about 10 am on that fateful day was so serious that the residents couldn’t go out for the day businesses. Egwu, the Youth President of Egeburu-Amaokwiri in the area, said the heavy downpour lasted for over five hours before the lightning struck and killed the victims. He, however, said only two persons were killed by the disaster. “My sister, what you heard is true, it is true but two persons were killed and it occurred in Ngodo. It is true that lightning struck two persons dead in Ngodo.” Meanwhile, efforts to reach the police spokesperson DSP Loveth Odah were not fruitful as her lines were not reachable at the time of filing this report.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…