DESPITE ongoing reconstruction and rehabilitation works, coupled with huge population of people, more than 26,000 vehicles ply Lagos-Badagry Expressway daily, Nigerian Tribune has learnt. For this reason, according to the Project Manager, CCECC, Mr Jiang Yaowu, traffic management and other challenges have been major issues delaying the delivery of the major expressway, while residents and commuters groaned under  the burdens of portholes and associated traffic jam on daily basis. “More than 26,000 vehicles ply the road daily and this has contributed to safety and security challenges on the site. High cost of acquiring materials for the project which is now higher than the year the project was awarded is also a challenge,” Yaowu told journalists in Lagos. However, this narrative is about to change as the Lagos State Government and the road contractor have expressed strong determination to complete the reconstruction/upgrading works on the Lagos-Badagry Expressway by December 2021. Special Adviser, Works and Infrastructure, Mrs Aramide Adeyoye, an engineer, appealed to all stakeholders to continue to cooperate with the contractor to ensure speedy delivery of the project, promising that the completed section of the road will be opened to vehicular movement immediately. According to the Special Adviser, as part of efforts to boost international economic activities, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s Administration has prioritised the construction of the road due to its economic importance to the African sub-region. “In fulfillment of the promise of Mr Governor, we have since delivered the Agboju to Trade fair segment of the road last year and already, the contractors have completed the 10 lanes from Mile 2 to Volks, and the service lane of Lagos bound from Mile 2 to Okokomaiko,” the special adviser said. The reconstruction and upgrading of Lagos-Badagry Expressway from Eric Moore to Okokomaiko from 4 lanes to 10 lanes comprise two toll lanes,  two service lanes, one  Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) lane, central reserve for two-way Light Rail Mass Transit and various support infrastructure. Scope of works, according to Adeyoye include provision of Lay-bys for buses and service ducts, construction of pedestrian bridges, BRT’s Bus stops, Park &Ride and depots, tolled link interchanges, flyovers, toll plazas, road markings, road signs and traffic lights and landscaping. The project manager of CCECC, Jiang Yaowu, added that high cost of acquiring materials for the project which is now higher than the year the project was awarded, is also a challenge. Yaowu who promised to speed up work and deliver the project on scheduled time, assured that despite these challenges, the road components will be completed by the end of the year. On the bridge components, Yaowu said that construction works will be completed before the end of year 2022. Commenting, Okeke Marsen , businessman, who resides at Iyana Iba, wants government to accelerate construction works on the expressway. However, he noted that there has been a great improvement but wanted the tempo to continue so that suffering of the people will be reduced. “At least we thank God there is improvement for some time now in this  Iyana-Iba, where we all know it is a market area, a place where people going to Igando and Alaba International market pass. We want them to increase their tempo so that the work will be perfected soonest,” he said. Financial Secretary, Yam Association Sellers, Oladokun Ayodele, thanked  the Federal and State governments, and the contractor for the ongoing construction of the expressway  from Orile to Badagry, adding that they are doing good job. Chairman, Yam Association Seller,  Olawale Balogun, noted that if not for Covid-19 pandemic, the project would have been completed as promised in 2019 by the governor. Iyaloja Folabi  Ege Market Iyana Iba, Olufunmilola Martins, said that work on the road has improved. “Before you cannot stand here, you can’t even move your car but now we can move around,” she said. Another resident, complaint of the design, saying  it has made it almost impossible to reach the expressway from the service lane. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights…