The ward, local government and state congresses of the All Progressives Congress (APC) may run into a hitch owing to logistics challenges. The ward and local government congresses have been fixed for July 24 and August 14, respectively to be followed by state Congresses fixed for September 18. A party source revealed that materials for the exercise were yet to be conveyed to states chapters by the national Secretariat as the contractor saddled with the printing of the material has been delivering in batches. A disturbed  APC Caretaker Extra-ordinary National Convention Planning Committee has fixed a meeting for next  Tuesday to discuss the bottleneck thrown up by the non-delivery of nomination forms. National Publicity Secretary of the APC in Niger State, Hassan Wakili, said the state was still expecting delivery of the materials. “For us in Niger State, we are ready for the congresses, we are only waiting for the nomination forms from Abuja. I learned that states are yet to receive the nomination forms.” Further investigation revealed that the situation is complicated as the national secretariat had announced the extension of the membership registration and revalidation exercise by two weeks, in four states as a result of petitions by chieftains who complained that they were excluded from the exercise. The affected states were Kwara, Imo,  Ogun and Rivers State chapter. Former Imo state governor, Rochas Okorocha stormed the national Secretariat during the week along with certain chieftains of the party to raise concern over the forthcoming congresses. The national secretary of the party, Senator John Akpanudoedehe in a telephone interview with Nigerian  Tribune last night said he has not been adequately briefed of the situation. He said: “I am out of Abuja. Let me return and I can answer you correctly.” The deputy national publicity secretary of the party, Yekini Nabena, confirmed the development. He, however, said there was no cause for alarm. “Yes, the nomination forms haven’t been delivered to any state but it won’t affect our scheduled Congresses. There won’t be any need to shift the dates.” Asked if the congresses would not be extended in the four states where membership Registration has been extended, Nabena said “when we get to that we shall address it.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!