At least five staff of the National Tuberculosis and Leprosy Training Centre, Zaria and two other persons have been kidnapped by bandits in the early hours of Sunday. Eyewitnesses told the Nigerian Tribune that the bandits who came in large numbers stormed the quarters around 12.30 am. According to sources, they stormed the staff quarters in a commando-style and cordoned the area. “Even though there were no gunshots, they cordoned the whole area apparently to avoid any person from escaping and possible reinforcement from outside. “The bandits succeeded in taking away five staff of the centre and two others, including nursing mothers,” he declared. According to sources, the bandits must have targeted the principal of the centre because he used to work on Saturday till late. He disclosed the principal’s residence was badly damaged although he was not around during the attack. Meanwhile, the Saye Divisional Police headquarters which is in the same vicinity with the centre was attacked by the suspected bandits. It was gathered that the bandits damaged the division’s operational Hilux van as more than 10 bullet holes were seen on the vehicle. The attack on the Police Division, it was gathered, was aimed at stopping the police from rescuing the victims at the staff quarters. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer, Kaduna State Command, ASP Muhammad Jalige confirmed the incident. He said investigations over the incident had since commenced.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.