STEMi Makers Africa, in collaboration with the United States Consulate General’s officials in Nigeria, has inaugurated three science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) Innovation Clubs in Enugu State. The event, which recently took place at the Solidbase Schools, located at the Trans-Ekulu section of state the capital, were witnessed by education stakeholders and secondary school students who showcased 21 engineering and science projects. Amanda Obidike, the Executive Director and Strategy Lead of the organisation, stated that though STEMi inaugurated three STEM innovation clubs, the US Consulate officials participated in the inauguration of one due to their busy schedule. She further stated that the Consulate officials witnessed the event based on the relationship STEMi has with them. She expressed her appreciation to the Consulate for its support in previous STEMi projects and for assisting them train teachers and students in STEM education across the country. She noted that they are working closely with schools in under-developed communities to create the right learning and innovation environment for students to build process-based skills, brainstorm, develop and test prototypes, while drawing on the knowledge they have gleaned from mathematics, science and STEM courses. “Our mission is to empower young Africans to become tomorrow’s change-makers through invention, creativity and integrated STEM development,” Obidike said. The Public Affairs Officer of the U.S. Consulate, Stephen Ibelli, who declared one of the Innovation Clubs open, explained why STEM remains a critical focus point that contributes to the development of a country and why the United States is proud to support STEM education in Nigeria. “When you take out societal challenges, you will experience Nigerian students excelling in STEM and increasing competitiveness in the next decade,” Ibelli said. Barrister Tessy Igweani, the proprietress of Solidbase Schools noted that she was happy that the U.S Consulate General supports young scientists, engineers, mathematicians and their inventions. “This unique visit is our call to action to reach other schools and students all over Enugu, including the underserved communities,” Igweani said. “The time for these young ones to start manifesting their unique talents is now.” Some of the STEM projects exhibited during the Club launch included the quadratic equation app, automatic heat detector, temperature monitoring device, AI-based drone, 2-in-1 DIY vacuum and dry cleaner, amongst others. Education stakeholders present at the event were principals, teachers, educators, and parents who had the opportunity to interact with budding scientists and technologists and encouraged the inspiration behind their innovations. Prior to the inauguration of the innovation club, Obidike stated that STEMi had, on the commemoration of the Children’s Day, partnered with the Barack Obama Young African Leadership initiative RLC Alumni Association of Nigeria to conduct a school tour across 18 states in Nigeria. “The purpose of the tour was to educate and enlighten students about STEM education, its importance and what they stand to gain from it,” Obidike said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.