The Federal Government, on Thursday, distributed letters of engagement and Monitoring Devices to 46 Independent Monitors in Ebonyi State. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, reiterated the commitment of the Federal Government towards ensuring that the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIP) are adequately monitored for effective service delivery. The Minister who was represented by the Director, Planning, Research and Statistics, Mr Raphael Obi, urged the Independent Monitors to diligently report on the various social investment programmes targeted at lifting vulnerable Nigerians out of poverty in line with President Muhammadu Buhari aspirations. “Today I am here to flag off the distribution of Engagement Letters and Devices for the Trained Independent Monitors in Ebonyi State. These devices are equipped with an Application that will be used to report on monitoring activities of the trained Independent Monitors. “All devices to be used for monitoring the programme are locally made in Nigeria and the Monitoring Application was designed by an indigenous Company. “The Application, which we call the Social Investment Management Information System (SIMIS), is a mobile and web-based Application designed for Monitoring the National Social Investment Programme”. She explained that the Independent Monitors will follow up on the government’s Social Investment Programmes, including; N-Power, National Home Grown School Feeding Programme (NHGSFP), Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) and the Government Enterprise and Empowerment Programme (GEEP). According to her, each Independent monitor will be paid a monthly stipend of N30,000 and will be expected to meet up to 80 per cent of their deliverables monthly to be eligible for their stipend. In his remark, Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State who was represented by the Commissioner, Ministry of Human Capital Development, Mrs Ann Abigwe applauded the Minister for the social investment programmes currently in operation in the State. Mrs Abigwe who is also the State Focal Person who stated that the programmes have impacted tremendously on the lives of the vulnerable in Ebonyi State urged the Independent Monitors to remain committed and ensure accurate data collation in the discharge of their duties. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!FG commissions 46 independent monitors in Ebonyi FG commissions 46 independent monitors in Ebonyi Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.