 The Lagos State Police Command and other security agencies on Friday embarked on what they called ‘Show of Force’ around Lagos State to confirm their preparedness and commitment to continuous protection of lives and properties of the people of Lagos State. The ‘show of force’ was also aimed at sending a warning signal to the organisers of the said mega rally or any group of persons planning to stage any rally or procession in the state despite the warnings issued during the joint press briefing by the Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, Hakeem Odumosu and the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Lagos State, Mr Gbenga Omotoso on Thursday. The command and the Lagos State government had warned the organisers of the planned Oodua Republic Mega Rally, scheduled for Saturday, 3rd July 2021, at Gani Fawehinmi Freedom Park, Ojota, Lagos, to steer clear of Lagos State, considering the available intelligence reports on the planned rally and to forestall any breakdown of law and order. According to a statement by the state police command through its Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, the command and other security agencies, including the Nigerian Army, Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, Federal Road Safety Corps and Department of State Services have put measures in place to prevent any act of lawlessness, oppression and intimidation in the state on the said date. The statement added that Lagos State cannot afford to record and experience the violence orchestrated by some individuals during the 2020 #Endsars protest that led to massive destruction of lives and properties in the state. The command still reiterated its stance that anyone caught participating or facilitating the so-called mega rally in Lagos State will be dealt with within the ambit of the law. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Lagos police, security agencies embark on ‘show of force’ over planned Oodua Republic mega rally Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Lagos police, security agencies embark on ‘show of force’ over planned Oodua Republic mega rally Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.