The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and Judges from across the country converged on Abuja last week to brainstorm on legal and regulatory issues in the telecommunications industry. Professor Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice-Chairman, NCC, in his welcome address at the 2021 Annual Workshop for Judges, said the event would equip the Judges with practical insights into emerging issues in the field of telecommunications. “The aim of this forum is to further build the capacity of our distinguished Judges with practical insights into emerging issues in the field of telecommunications,” he said. The objective of the forum is to enhance the capacity of the judiciary to dispense justice in telecommunications cases from an informed position oriented in appropriate and contemporary knowledge. Danbatta expressed the hope that the workshop would contribute to the development of telecommunications law in Nigeria. He, therefore, urged the Judges to freely make contributions and raise issues that would assist the Commission come up with adequate regulatory measures that would enhance development in the Communications sector of the economy. Declaring the Workshop open, the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) and Chairman, Board of Governors of the National Judicial Institute (NJI), Justice Tanko Muhammad, assured that the Nigerian Judiciary was committed to the development of telecommunications sector. Represented by Justice John Okoro, Tanko said that the judiciary would spare no efforts in ensuring transparent and speedy dispensation of justice. The CJN expressed confidence that the forum would further equip Judicial Officers with the legal and technical skills required for adjudicating disputes in this special area of the law, and in so doing, keep them abreast of global best practices. “This workshop essentially avails the participants an opportunity to rub minds on current challenges confronting the telecoms sector. “I have no doubt that this forum will further equip Judicial Officers with the legal and technical skills required for adjudicating disputes in this special area of the law and in so doing, keep them abreast of global best practices. “I must commend the Nigerian Communications Commission for rising up to the occasion in its bid to protect consumers from unfair practices by service providers. “The Judiciary on its part will not rest on its oars, as we will continue to interpret the relevant laws in line with extant provisions of the Law. “Let me assure you that the Nigerian Judiciary is committed to the development of the telecommunications sector and will spare no effort in ensuring transparent and speedy dispensation of justice. “In this light, investors and stakeholders in the sector will be assured that their assets and investments are secured,” he said. Earlier, the Administrator, NJI, Justice Roseline Bozimo, said the Workshop, over the years had exposed judicial officers to the rudiments of legal issues and technical aspects of the sector in order to keep them abreast of International Best Practices. According to Bazimo, the workshop deliberated on such issues as: Developing Telecommunications Law; Jurisprudence and Judicial Precedents; An X-ray of the Nigeria Communications Act 2003; Adjudicating Conflicts in the Era of Digital Presence and Online Identity. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…