The Southern Nigeria Governors Forum meeting scheduled to hold at the Lagos State Government Secretariat, Alausa, Ikeja-Lagos, has commenced. Feelers have it that issues surrounding Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho, and IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu, may not be discussed. Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who is coordinating the meeting addressed journalists briefly before the closed-door meeting. Governor Akeredolu who welcomed his other governors to the Centre of Excellence assured that the outcome of the meeting will be made known in a communique at the end of the meeting. “We welcome all our brother Governors and we want to start our deliberations almost immediately. At the end of our meeting, our communique will be made known to you,” he said. A source close to the meeting disclosed that the governors were unlikely to discuss issues around acclaimed Yoruba secessionist advocate, Sunday Igboho, as well as the incarcerated IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. “The issues of Nnamdi Kanu and Sunday Igboho are not issues of North-South divide. They might not discuss those issues because, they are themselves, sub judice. They are legal matters so it will be improper to subject such issues to emotional discourse. “They are both in court and the governors couldn’t have discussed such issues. It was just laughable that the media was already setting the agenda for the meeting as if it’s because of the duo that they’re meeting. “Mind you, after their Asaba meeting, they had disclosed that their meetings will be regular and timeous.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!