The Acting Registrar, National Board for Arabic and Islamic Studies (NBAIS), Professor Mohammed Shefi Abdullahi, has declared that only prayers can solve Nigeria’s myriad of problems. Prof Abdullahi made the declaration on Monday while fielding questions from journalists shortly after the Board in collaboration with Al Ansar Foundation held a special prayer for the country to overcome its challenges, including security, held at the National Mosque, Abuja, as part of its two-day national conference with the theme, “Role of Arabic and Islamic education in advancing peace and harmony in Nigeria.” According to the NBAIS registrar, it was only prayer that could solve the country’s, saying that prayer was better than even seeking assistance from other countries to help the country to tackle insecurity in Nigeria. “To our understanding, it is only prayer that can solve our problems in this country. That is why we chose this time, especially within the first 10 days of Dhul Hijjah with the hope that Almighty Allah will answer our prayer and solve our problems. “That is why we are seeking help from Almighty Allah who is above all these (problems). We are not saying there is no need to seek assistance from big countries like England, America and other countries. But to us prayer is better,” Abdullahi said. He informed that the first day of NBAIS national conference was dedicated to offer special prayer as its own contribution to tackling insecurity currently facing the country. “There is the need for the Board to give its own contribution. There is nothing we can offer the nation than prayer. Prayer is really great,” he informed. Asked if the Board support government to regulate religious preachings, Abdullahi submitted that there was a need for government’s intervention. “Islam is a regulated religion by Allah. If you are to follow the teaching of the Qur’an and Sunnah, there will be no problems. But to implement this, really there is the need for government to come in into it (regulation of religious preachings).” He, however, called on government to take teaching of religion serious, saying that, “to us it is for government to take teaching religion seriously. I know there are little problems in our schools but we want the government to look into this.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  It’s only prayer that can solve Nigeria’s problems  ;  It’s only prayer that can solve Nigeria’s problems  ;  It’s only prayer that can solve Nigeria’s problems  ; It’s only prayer that can solve Nigeria’s problems.