The Emir of Kajuru in Kaduna State, Alhaji Alhassan Adamu, has been released after spending a night with his captors while other 10 family members of the monarch are still in captivity. A palace source disclosed this in an interview with journalists in Kaduna on Monday Explaining how the emir was released, the source disclosed that the emir was found in a nearby forest by his subjects while on their way to the farm. His release was coming after a source had earlier revealed that the bandits had contacted the emirate and were demanding for N200 million as ransom for the emir and members his family. Findings gathered that the emir had since addressed his subjects. Palace source also said he was in good condition. However, the emirate had resolved to take him to the hospital for medical check-up. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go. Federal Civil Service Commission Not Recruiting As Claimed In Viral WhatsApp Message CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking Nigerians to apply for the Federal Civil Service Commission (FCSC) vacancies via a website. VERDICT: The information circulating on WhatsApp that the FCSC is now recruiting, via a certain link, is false. The website is found to be fraudulent. FULL STORY: A viral post on WhatsApp claims the Federal Civil Service Commission is currently looking for candidates to fill vacant positions in some ministries and department agencies. The forward-as-received message attempts to direct readers to this website using a free URL shortener, bit.ly.JUST IN: Bandits release Emir of Kajuru; other family members still in captivity JUST IN: Bandits release Emir of Kajuru; other family members still in captivity