Gunmen on late Wednesday evening kidnapped a young upcoming politician in Bauchi State, Uba Boris. Reports have it that he was accosted by the gunmen at the CBN roundabout close to the AA Rano filling station along the Federal Lowcost road at about 8 pm on Wednesday. Tribune Online gathered that the kidnappers had trailed him on two power bikes until they got to the Nassarawa gate at the point they stopped his car after firing rounds of gunshots to scare away people. An eyewitness recounted that immediately he was seized by the gunmen from his car, he was bundled into a waiting car and they drove away still firing shots into the air in order not to allow people to go after them. The eyewitness added that at first the kidnappers drove along Nassarawa street but made a u-turn after sighting a Police patrol van ahead and then sped along the Federal Lowcost road. Another eyewitness said that he was at a car dealer stand with his friends for the evening Moslem prayers when the gunmen attacked shooting sporadically before seizing and bundled him inside a waiting car and zoomed off. As of the time of this report, on Thursday morning, nothing has been heard about him as confirmed by some of his political associates who spoke to our Correspondent saying that they are still waiting for any clue or demand from the kidnappers. Though the PPRO, SP Mohammed Ahmed Wakili was called three times, he refused to pick up the phone neither did he reply to the SMS sent to his number. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.    Gunmen kidnap Bauchi politician, Uba Boris Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…    Gunmen kidnap Bauchi politician, Uba Boris