Nigeria’s Commissioner, Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB), Mr Akin Olateru, has said that the acquisition of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV), otherwise known as drones would help to improve accident investigation by the agency. Olateru, an aircraft engineer, while citing how before now, in order to obtain the aerial images of accident sites, the Accident Investigation Authorities (AIAs) had to rely on police or search and rescue helicopters or go the more expensive way- charter helicopters, lamented that images obtained this way would not always capture the angle or details required, and how more often than not, the images would take about a week or more after the accident to arrive. According to him, the availability of relatively cheap off-the-shelve drones has opened new opportunities and the accident investigation sector is not left behind. His words, “Accident investigators in aviation and other means of transportation have taken advantage of the aerial photo and video capturing technologies installed on the small quadcopters to expedite their on-site tasks. Having the investigator in control of the drone’s camera, all the angles and details that are needed can now be captured as required. “As you may be aware, the AIB is pioneering the use of drones for accident investigation in the West African sub-region. We have already acquired 4Nos. MAVIC-2 Pro and 1No. Matrice 300 RTK DJI drones for this purpose. “We have also trained quite a number of our accident investigators as pilots to operate the drones. Currently, we are undergoing certification process by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority to authorize us to operate the drones. In the meantime, we are conducting tabletop exercises using the drones preparatory to actual deployment to the site when the call comes”. Also, the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has announced that it was in the final draft stage of the regulations in the use of drones and Remotely Piloted Aerial System (RPAS) in Nigeria. The regulatory body attributed the delay on the matter to security issues in the country while the final say on the authorization lies with the National Security Adviser (NSA). Speaking at the Airport Business Summit and Expo, the Director-General of the NCAA, Captain Musa Nuhu represented by the of Director Airworthiness, Kayode Ajiboye said there were safety, security and technological challenges that needed to be addressed for seamless use of the unmanned aerial vehicle. According to him, the upcoming regulations would create a level playing field and address issues like registration, security approvals, operational certification, Airworthiness, licensing of personnel, economic authorization and privacy. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Olateru emphasizes importance of drones in accident investigation  ;  Olateru emphasizes importance of drones in accident investigation  ;  Olateru emphasizes importance of drones in accident investigation  ;  Olateru emphasizes importance of drones in accident investigation. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.