Nigerians residing in Italy, on Sunday, applauded the effort of officials of the Nigeria Embassy in the country at fast-tracking the process of obtaining an International Passport which hitherto was a herculean task. The Diasporans also called on Nigerians to disregard a viral video by one Olusola Adegboye, Chairman of the Human Right Defenders &Access to Justice Advocacy Centre, which derided the process. Adegboye in the said video had criticised officials of the Nigerian embassy in Italy embassy over the process of Visa issuance and passport renewal. Speaking on the issue, the Welfare Officer of the National Union of Nigerians in Italy, NUNAI, Pastor Mike Oputteh, said it was shocking that someone who claimed to be a human rights defender could come to the public space and make an unsubstantiated statement against Nigerians and the embassy. He said the author of the video who does not reside in Italy was obviously on a smear sponsored campaign mission to discredit the good work of the consular office in Italy. He said: “We want to state categorically that Nigerians in Italy have never had it so good especially with the renewed vigour and effort of the Embassy officials in making sure that Visa and passport process is done at record time. “So it is shocking to see some disgruntled element masquerading in name of human rights defenders making false allegations in the social media. It is totally false and baseless. We are calling on all our law-abiding citizens to ignore such statements,” Oputte said. “It is pertinent to note that the said official he mentioned in the said video was recently recognised with an International award in Abuja for bringing sanity and efficiency to visa process in Italy,” the NUNAI spokesman added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go.Nigerians in Italy applaud international passport issuance Nigerians in Italy applaud international passport issuance Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.