Total Nigeria Plc, Nigeria Aviation Safety Initiative (NASI), Association of Aviation Ground Handlers (ACHAN) and other major key players across the aviation sector  have been scheduled to deliver papers at the upcoming League of Airport and Aviation Correspondents (LAAC) Conference This year edition of the conference with the theme: ‘Nigeria Aviation Industry: Management, Policy and Regulation’, is slated for July 28, 2021, at Sheraton Hotel, Ikeja, Lagos. While the General Manager, Total Nigeria Plc, Mr. Rabiu Abdulmutalib is billed to speak on ‘Aviation Operations, Jet A1: Challenges and Solutions’; the Chairman, Governing Council, Aviation Safety Initiative (NASI) Captain Dung Pam will deliver a paper on the topic: ‘Nigeria Airlines: Management, Policy and Regulation’ while the Chairman, Association of Aviation Ground Handlers (ACHAN), Mr Olaniyi Adigun will speak on: ‘Ground Handling in Nigeria: Management, Policy and Regulation’, With the Ministry of Aviation leading the industry big wings to the conference, all the aviation agencies, including: Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Accident Investigation Bureau, Nigeria (AIB-N), Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT), Zaria and Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NIMET) have equally expressed their desire to be fully involved in the whole arrangements. Expressing the commitment of his agency to the forthcoming event, the Managing Director of FAAN, Captain Rabiu Yadudu said the event was coming at the very right time saying:  “The League of Airports and Aviation Correspondents annual conference has become a notable rallying point for developing lasting solutions to critical aviation-related challenges in Nigeria and beyond. “The theme for this year’s edition; ‘Nigeria’s aviation industry: Policy, Management and Regulation’ could not have come at a better time. This is because a balanced combination of Policy, Management and Regulation is the most critical ingredient needed to achieve efficiency, productivity and sustainability in the industry. I and my team are definitely looking forward to participating in the conference. See you there.” The Accident Investigation Bureau while speaking on its readiness to be part of the conference, through the Commissioner/CEO of AIB, Mr Akin Olateru said: “It is our pleasure at AIB to work with LAAC in its efforts to organise events that will impart knowledge that can drive aviation development and growth. “Nigerian aviation industry will gain attraction when industry players, professionals and policy makers among others exchange ideas and discuss pertinent issues that can add value to this critical industry.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  250 aviation key players to jaw-jaw at LAAC conference  ;  250 aviation key players to jaw-jaw at LAAC conference  ; 250 aviation key players to jaw-jaw at LAAC conference  ;  250 aviation key players to jaw-jaw at LAAC conference. Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.