President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, expressed concern over the kidnapping in Kaduna and Niger States, largely targeted at students. He has therefore directed the military, police and intelligence agencies to ensure safe and early release of all victims. This is contained In a statement issued by Garba Shehu, Special Adviser to the President (Media & Publicity) on Monday. While noting the ongoing deployment of additional security personnel to all troubled areas, the President urged security outfits to “act swiftly” to rescue all school boys and girls in the affected states and ensure safe return. President Buhari said the disturbing incidents of kidnapping students, mostly in the Northern States, was already threatening to undermine efforts in boosting school enrolments in states that were adjudged educationally backward. He called on state governments to ensure compliance with the UN-supported Safe Schools Programme, which the administration had adopted. The President described kidnapping as cowardly and despicable, condemning it as an assault on affected families and the nation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Kidnapping of students in northern states worries Buhari Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Kidnapping of students in northern states worries Buhari [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army…