A group within the All Progressives Congress (APC) has expressed concern over the gale of defections into the party, particularly by chieftains of the main opposition party, the People’s Democratic Party. The National Committee of APC Support Groups for Senator Al-Makura in a communique issued at the end of their meeting,  advised the Chairman of the APC Caretaker/ Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni to be convinced of the moral standing and genuine commitment to their new platform by opposition parties chieftains moving into the ruling APC. Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi and his counterpart in Zamfara State, Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle had since dumped the PDP for the APC. Three senators representing Zamfara state: Lawan Hassan Anka,  Hassan Mohammed Gusau and Sahabi Yau, representing Zamfara West, Central and North respectively joined their state governor, Bello Mohammed Matawalle to defect into the ruling party while their counterpart representing Delta North, Peter Nwaoboshi equally joined the APC from the main opposition party. Chukwunonso David Ezedinma, national Chairman of the group who read the resolutions of the National Committee of APC Support Groups for Senator Al-Makura noted that certain chieftains of the PDP are leaving the party because of petitions on allegations of financial sleaze against them before the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, the EFCC. He said: “We also observed that, in the bid to attract more members to our party and swell the ranks of those that are seen as bringing better fortunes to the ruling party, the door of the Party has been deliberately widely opened to allow all manner of persons into the Party. We, therefore, warn that care must be taken to balance our quest for membership with the interest the Party advances to fight corruption, a cardinal objective for which the Nigerian electorate welcomed us in 2015. “Our group is concerned that, it seems that men and women, who have been accused of perpetrating all manner of official sleaze, corruption and stealing, now feel that the only thing to do to be allowed to continue to “enjoy” their loot is to jump into the saving sheep of the ruling Party. We must not encourage this mindset in order not  to toe the ignominious path of the PDP.” Ahead of the  APC  national convention to elect a new set of national officers, the group asked stakeholders of the ruling party to zone the position of national chairman to the North Central zone. They equally resolved to support the ambition of former Nasarawa state governor and senator, Tanko Al-Makura.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!