Ilana Omo Oodua (IOO), the Umbrella body of Yoruba self-determination groups led by Second Republic Senator, Prof. Banji Akintoye, has reconfirmed that the pro-Yoruba nation rally scheduled to hold in Lagos State on Saturday will go on as scheduled. This was just as IOO disclosed that it had written another letter to the Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Hakeem Odumosu, and copied to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, urging the State Police Command to ensure that the rally was peaceful, orderly and not hijacked by hoodlums as earlier insinuated by police. The group made this clarification on Friday in a statement made available to newsmen by its Communications Manager, Mr Maxwell Adeleye, amid conflicting statements that the rally might have been put off, declaring that the already scheduled event would still hold peacefully on Saturday without any fear or intimidation. “Our rally scheduled to hold on Saturday will still hold without any fear or intimidation and we promise to be peaceful like we have always been,” IOO said on the statement. The group, apparently reacting to the claim by the police as a reason for banning the rally, said in the letter by its General Secretary and Legal Adviser, Arc. George Akinola and Barr. Olasupo Ojo respectively, to the Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Odumosu, that it was happy that the police already knew that hoodlums were likely to hijack the rally. It, therefore, calling on the police to ensure such did not happen like it didn’t happen in Ekiti, Ondo, Osun, Oyo and Ogun States respectively where IOO had held its rallies already. “We have been peaceful, orderly and lawful at everywhere we have visited, therefore, we call on the Lagos State Police Command to ensure that the rally is not hijacked by hoodlums. “We are happy that the police already know that hoodlums are likely to hijack the rally. Now, we call on the police to ensure such does not happen like it didn’t happen in Ekiti, Ondo, Osun, Oyo and Ogun States respectively where we’ve held our rallies. “It is the duty of the police to safeguard our peaceful demonstration and protect us. On our own part, we promise to cooperate with the police towards ensuring that the rally is peaceful and orderly,” the statement said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Yoruba nation rally  Yoruba nation rally Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Yoruba nation rally  Yoruba nation rally Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.