The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Imo State has dismissed the news making the rounds that the party has fallen out with the former governor, Emeka Ihedioha, over what they claimed to be his U-turn on Nnamdi Kanu’s re-arrest. In a statement issued in Owerri by the State Publicity Secretary, Ogubundu Nwadike, denouncing the news, the party urged members of the public to disregard the provocative propaganda and blackmail by the All Progressives Congress (APC) regime in the state. Nwadike said that the party would not join issues on the lingering altercations between the Indigenous  People of Biafra (IPOB) and the way they are handling the issues and affairs of the (IPOB) and their leader Nnamdi Kanu and APC. PDP, however, described the decision by the APC to now involve PDP in the debacle as a diversionary distraction designed by the APC to divert the attention of the masses, albeit temporarily, from focusing on the streak of failure of the APC. He said: “PDP is very much aware that its leader in Imo State, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, CON, has never had any relationship or dealings with Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.” On the blackmail that Ihedioha is betraying Kanu, the party described it “as an irresponsible propaganda and blackmail that failed on arrival.” The party insisted that “there couldn’t be a U-turn when there was never a drive out.” The party, however, asserted that Ihedioha never had any interest in Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and his IPOB, and “never spoke with anybody anywhere concerning Kanu in any ramification”, adding that there was no betrayal of Kanu by Ihedioha, “and thus there is no fallout with Emeka Ihedioha by Imo PDP over a U-turn on Kanu’s re-arrest.” While stating the position of the party, he added that “such trite propaganda and blackmail is a waste of scarce resources of the idle minds that concocted such fictitious stories that are simply sourced from the figments of the malarial imagination of the lousy authors and their paymasters.” It said that since Governor Uzodimma was declared governor, PDP has discovered “the lingering phobia the Uzodinma regime has been nursing and suffering for long, forcing it to unnecessarily always attack our great party and our leader in the state to divert Imo people’s attention and distract them from continually cataloguing his failure to deliver good leadership and good governance.” The PDP cautioned Governor Hope Uzodinma and the APC regime in the state to stop fabricating propaganda and blackmail against the party and its leader, insisting that no amount of diversionary distraction would subvert the wish and will of Imo people to stand with PDP at all times. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Lagos Is Second Least Liveable City In The World For 2021 Lagos is the second least liveable city in the world for the year 2021. This is according to the most recent annual ranking put together by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU)… FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING!