The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Monday, commenced legal action to unseat Zamfara State governor, Bello Muhammad Matawalle and his deputy, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu Gusau, over alleged unlawful defection. The party, in an exparte motion filed before a Federal High Court in Abuja, wants the Governor and his Deputy sacked over their unlawful defection from the party to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The suit, marked: FHC/ABJ/CS/489/2021 filed in the names of two PDP members from Zamfara State, Alhaji Sani Kaura Ahmed and Abubakar Muhammed is contending that, in view of an earlier judgment of the Supreme Court, to the effect that the APC had no candidates in the 2019 governorship election in Zamfara State, having not conducted valid primaries, it would be unlawful for Matawalle and Gusau to retain their offices while defecting from the PDP to the APC, and thereby transferring PDP’s victory to the APC. The plaintiffs want the court to, among other reliefs, declare that Matawalle and Gusua must resign from their offices before their defection to allow the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct the fresh elections, within three months, for the PDP to replace them. After arguments plaintiffs lawyer, Kanu Agabi (SAN), the trial Judge, Justice Inyang Ekwo, granted an order of substituted service of the originating processes on the Governor and Deputy Governor. The Judge held that the governor and his deputy are to be served with all court papers through the National Secretariat of the APC in Abuja and thereafter, slated July 16, 2021, for a report of court papers on the two defendants. The governor and his deputy had two weeks ago, defected from PDP to APC which prompted the move by PDP to claim its mandates from them through legal action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go.PDP makes legal moves to unseat Zamfara gov, deputy over defection to APC