The Federal Government has resolved to take the final decision on the new hazard allowance for health workers. Minister of Labour and Employment Senator Chris Ngige disclosed this after a meeting of the Presidential Committee on Salaries, relevant Federal Government stakeholders and health sector professional associations and trade unions. Ngige explained that the government side allowed enough time for the two big bodies of the health unions and professionals — the Nigerian Medical Association and the Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU) — to harmonise their different positions on the hazard allowance, but they were not able to do so. Consequently, the Minister said the matter would be taken back to the National Salaries, Wages and Incomes Commission (NSWIC) and the Presidential Committee on Salaries to decide on the new hazard allowance for health professionals and workers. According to him, the government was treading cautiously in order not to be seen as trying to stampede the health workers since the matter concerns money. On the trade dispute notices issued to the Federal Government by the National Association of Resident Doctors and JOHESU, Ngige said he has directed them to withdraw the strike notices immediately. The minister said: “I told them to withdraw because it is arm twisting. It is not allowed in ILO Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) negotiation. So, we expect them to withdraw those notices they gave. “JOHESU gave a 15-day ultimatum with effect from June 28. NARD gave 28-day ultimatum from the day they had their NEC. Those things are arm twisting and I told them that they must withdraw them because the issues they are bringing in here are tangential issues. They have nothing to do with this discussion here on fixing a new hazard allowance for health professionals and workers.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…