An Ado-Ekiti Customary Court in Ekiti State has dissolved a 7-year-old marriage between Ademola Adeparusi and his wife, Yinka Adeparusi. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), both parties had earlier given their evidences on March 8, 2021 and the matter was later slated for judgment. Their marriage was dissolved on grounds of provocation, going out at will and no rest of mind by his wife. Ademola, 50, told the court that his wife was used to going out without his consent and also starving him. According to him, she would cook for only herself and would ignore him. He alleged that his wife once slapped him in the presence of his mother just because he reminded her about the court sitting scheduled for the following day. The father of one added that his wife was ill-treating their daughter. According to him, she once hit their daughter’s head against a wall and he did not like it. The petitioner, therefore, pleaded with the court for separation and custody of their only child, Adeola, a female. But the respondent, Yinka, 45, denied all the allegations brought against her by her husband, adding that he was not mentally sound. Yinka told the court he refused to give her money to buy foodstuff  but would rather go to the market himself. She said that she had not failed in her responsibility as to cooking for him, as well as his mother, who had been defending her every time. Yinka denied hitting the head of her daughter on the wall as well as slapping her husband. According to her, she is responsible for taking care of their daughter. The respondent told the court she did not support the separation. The court president, Mrs Olayinka Akomolede, observed that their marriage had broken down irretrievably and consequently dissolved it. Akomolede awarded custody of their child to the respondent and ordered the petitioner to pay the sum of N10,000 monthly as her feeding allowance. She also ordered the petitioner to be responsible for the education of their child, while access was granted to him to see her without any molestation.