Governors of the Southern part of Nigeria on Monday said the country’s next president must come from the southern part of the country so as to ensure equity and justice. The governors have also set September 21, 2021, as deadline for the promulgation of anti-open grazing law by member states while also announcing their rejection for the 3% equity shares for oil producing communities, opting for 5% instead. These are some of the agreements reached by the governors at their meeting held in Lagos State. Details later…. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement. VERDICT: No evidence to ascertain the origin of the statement. The statement is not new as it has been in circulation since 2017.  Also, Nigeria is not part of the Arab League and there is no evidence that that league will make a statement about a non-member. FULL STORY: A Twitter user, Amah Johnbosco(@johnbosco_amah), on Monday, June 28, 2021, claimed that the Arab League of Nations said the Nigerian government is on its own if it provokes war while warning the government to let Biafra go. Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…BREAKING: Southern govs want next president to come from South, give deadline for anti-open grazing law promulgation BREAKING: Southern govs want next president to come from South, give deadline for anti-open grazing law promulgation Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.