The Diocesan of Diocese of Ijesa-North, Dr Isaac Oluyamo, has urged Christians to call on God this time that Nigeria is experiencing difficulties, as His presence is everywhere. He made this call in the first session of the fourth synod at St Peter’s Anglican Church, Erinmo Ijesa, Osun State. According to him, “the theme for the synod, ‘I am with you’ is extracted from Genesis 28:15 and Isaiah 41:10 to reflect that God’s presence is everywhere. “The road map is on how we should live and be assured that God keeps his promises. It also shows various keys to overcoming fear.” Oluyamo further stated the benefits of God being with Christians in the days of trouble, because through faith comes everlasting joy, divine rest, boldness, spiritual strength and encouragement, among others. He, however, enjoined all Christians to be wary of happenings around the country, ranging from banditry, economic hardship and insecurity, charging them to have faith in God and trust that He will be with them. Oluyamo appreciated the efforts of the state governor, Mr Gboyega Oyetola, for the prompt payment of the state workers’ salaries, construction of the flyover bridge at Olaiya junction in Osogbo, launch of Osun Food Support beyond COVID-19, renovation and equipping of most of the primary health centres across the state. In attendance were the Owa Obokun Adimula of Ijesaland, Oba (Dr) Gabriel Adekunle Aromolaran; the Elerinmo of Erinmo-Ijesa, Oba Michael Odunayo Ajayi; the Elegboro of Egboroland, Oba Moses Olufemi Agunsoye; Oba Joseph Adebisi Owoeye, the Olodogo of Odogo; bishops from other dioceses and Christian leaders from different denominations. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.