THE Zamfara State Police Command has arrested two secondary school students for allegedly planning to kidnap their principal and kill their colleagues. The two arrested students from two separate schools were said to have sent threat messages to their respective principals demanding payment of millions of naira. While one of them threatened to kidnap his principal, the second one called his own school principal on phone threatening to kill and abduct students of the school unless he paid N3 million. At a press conference on Friday at the Zamfara State police command headquarters in Gusau, the Police Commissioner, Hussaini Rabi’u, said the command had succeeded in arresting the suspects. The Commissioner of Police said the two minors were arrested following complaints to the police. “On 25th June, 2021, a letter was found close to the suggestion box of Dominican College located in Sha’iskawa area, Gusau. “The content of the letter was a threat to kidnap the principal of the school, Rev. Sister Chinyere O.P and students of the school. “On receipt of the complaint, police detectives swung into action and arrested one Donatus Ejeh as the principal suspect. “On interrogation, the suspect was discovered to be an SS3 student of the school,” he said. Rabi’u added that on 1st July, the principal of Federal Government College, Anka, Zamfara state reported to the DPO Anka Division that an unknown person called her and demanded three million Naira or he would storm the school and attack students. “On receipt of the complaint, police swung into action and arrested one Tukur Bashir in Bakura Local Government Area of the state. “Upon investigation, the caller was discovered to be an SS1 student of the school,” he said. The commissioner said investigations were ongoing to unravel and arrest collaborators of the students. He said the police had also arrested 45 persons for criminal conspiracy, disturbance of public peace and rioting. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.