The operatives of Operation Puff Adder 2, Bayelsa State Command, has arrested a suspected armed robber, recovered a locally made pistol, eight cartridges, illicit drugs and an Army camouflage bulletproof vest. While acting on a tip-off, the operatives arrested the suspect, one Teke Kolokolo, a 37-years-old male, along Ayama Road, Famgbe, Yenagoa. According to a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer, Asinim Butswat said, “after the suspect was arrested, a search was conducted in his house where the Army camouflage bulletproof vest was recovered.” The statement further explained that “the suspect is cooperating with the Police and he will soon appear in court at the conclusion of the investigation. “The Commissioner of Police, Bayelsa State Command, CP Mike Okoli, advised residents to always volunteer useful information that will assist the Police in fishing out criminals in the State,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa. We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa  ;  Police nab suspected armed robber, recover pistol, drugs, bulletproof vest in Bayelsa.