The wife of the late famous cleric and renowned televangelist, Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua, fondly known as TB Joshua, Pastor (Mrs) Evelyn Joshua, has said that despite the passing of her husband, he would forever remain in her heart. The widow stated this at the burial programme for TB Joshua tagged, “Celebrating The Life and Legacy of Prophet T.B. Joshua (1963-2021). In her tribute, she  described her husband as a lion, adding, “In my 31 years life journey with my husband, TBJ, the man in the synagogue, as I fondly called him, our lives were not without trials and test, but as a Christian, I know that trials and test cannot break the one who relies on God’s strength. “He taught me to know that test and trials are the soil on which our faith flourishes. Your vision became clearer to me with time and without distractions. As I watch, I see you labour with passion and with dedication, hard work to grow from membership assembly sitting on a mat, to a wooden chair and to the level which we are today, all to the glory of God.” “You have groomed me to the woman I am today and in your word ‘for gold to become gold it must pass through fire’. I stand here today to say thank you for choosing me, for loving me, for caring for me and nurturing me, thank you for being a good father to our children, you’re not just a father who merely provides but a father who wants the best and gives out his best at all times. “I thank you for shielding me from those who came into our home with different motives and because you did not give in to their evil desires, they were bent on soiling your noble name yet you were undisturbed. “I thank you for being you, TBJ, my love. You were unique in every sense, the man who didn’t understand the word impossible and above all, I thank you for using your life, spending your life on things that will outlive you. We will keep the fire burning; we will keep your dreams alive by God’s grace. “You were the man I loved, I was proud and will forever be proud to be your wife. You have made it clear to us all that this is the job you were born for, living for and you will die for. Though you’re not dead but this you did on your last moments on earth, your passing was so peaceful. I have kept you forever in my heart, I know that God Almighty has you for his keeping, till we meet to part no more,” she added. Meanwhile, the Ondo State governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), who was among the dignitaries that graced the event on Friday, TB Joshua, as a citizen of the world following his great works and his philanthropist gestures which transcended beyond his country home. Akeredolu stated this during his speech at the laying-to-rest and interment service for the cleric in Lagos on Friday. He added that TB Joshua indeed left unforgettable legacies behind thus making his church, Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOA N), a world tourist centre. He also noted that TB Joshua deserved to be celebrated as his works had become worthy of emulation, adding that, “He has engraved himself in the hearts of the people of the world. He visit me when I was a governor-elect in my home town in Owo, Ondo State, and gave my wife and I money. He stressed that his humanitarian gestures cannot be forgotten because he led a Christ-like life by all standard, adding that, “He was a man of peace, preached and acted love despite several criticism. His time portrayed originality, peculiar, humble and simple in controlling a large fellowship across the globe and above all, he lived a fulfilled life,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…