THE All Progressives Congress (APC) has again shifted dates for the conduct of its ward, local and state congresses. National Secretary of the Caretaker/ Extraodinary Convention Planning Committee, Senator John Akpanudoedehe conveyed the decision to the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC in a letter dated July 6, 2021. The ward and local government congresses had been fixed for July 24 and August 14, respectively to be followed by state congresses fixed for September 18. The party, in its earlier disclosure, was silent on dates for zonal congresses and national conventions before it aborted the process to the disaffection of its faithful. The letter addressed to the INEC chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, was, however, silent on reason for the postponement. It read in part: “We refer to our letter reference number APC/NHDQ/ INEC/19/021/20, dated 10, June, 2021, on the above subject and wish to inform the commission that the party has rescheduled its congresses and national convention to a later date which will be communicated to you. “This serves as a formal notification pursuant to the provisions of Section 85 of the Electoral Act (2010) as amended. “While hoping to receive your cooperation, please, accept the assurance of my highest esteem.” Sunday Tribune checks revealed that the party took the decision following the failure of the contractor handling the printing of nomination forms to deliver ahead of time and the extension of the membership registration and revalidation exercise in four states by two weeks. Senator Akpanudoede confirmed that the party actually wrote to the electoral umpire to inform it of the review of its earlier dates for congresses. He said: “The document in circulation does not intend a postponement of the congresses. How it leaked from INEC is strange. “It is to cure the legal landmine occasioned by Section 85 of the Electoral Act on the issuance of 21 days notice to INEC, bearing in mind that the earlier dates we released were not sacrosanct.” Reacting to the development, spokesman of the Concerned APC Stakeholders, Abdullahi Dauda, said his members have been vindicated over their earlier alarm that Governor Mai Mala Buni-led CECPC has no intention to vacate the party’s national secretariat. He said: “The postponement is another scheme to perpetually remain in office, even though they are occupying such office illegally. The excuse we heard was that the materials are being printed and the chairman did not carry along other members of the committee in issuing out the last statement as regards the congresses through the party’s director of organisation. “We are reliably informed that the CECPC will meet next Tuesday to issue out a statement on new dates. However, Buni and his tram should tread softly and not lead the party to destruction due to greed and inordinate ambition.” Another chieftain of the party, Chekwas Okorie, declared that the party was heading towards a serious crisis. He declared that the Buni-led team has been creating confusion and reinforcing in- sinuation that it has an agenda to carry out at the party’s national secretariat. He suggested a meeting of the National Executive Committee to decide on the future of the party. “There is so much confusion. I had thought that they have done their homework before coming out with a timeline. “But intervening circumstances could force them to extend the dates. But such a change sends serious signals that give wrong interpretation. But I am aware that they have a dilemma over zoning of offices. “My advice as someone with experience in party administration is that they should convene a National Executive Committee without delay to address the confusion. “The NEC is the highest organ, not the national convention. The convention isn’t an executive organ of the party. By insisting on Convention, we are heading towards a crisis that could have serious repercussions for us as a political party in 2023.”