The Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) on Tuesday held a service of tributes in honour of its Founder, Prophet T.B. Joshua, who died on June 5. The service, which was one of Joshua’s burial activities, was held at SCOAN premises, Ikotun, Lagos State. In a tribute, Joshua’s widow, Evelyn, said that her 31 years of marriage to the prophet was not without trials. She said that her husband taught her to understand that trials strengthened children of God. She said that her late husband was dedicated to his ministry. “You grew the church from an eight-member assembly sitting on a mat to the level we are today. You grew me to be the woman I am today. I stand here today to say thank you for choosing me, caring for me and nurturing me. “Thank you for being a good father to the children, thank you for shielding me from those who were bent on soiling our lives, you were undeterred,” Evelyn said. She said that her husband spent his life on things that would outlive him, adding that though her husband’s death was peaceful, but regretted that he would no longer be seen on earth. “It is, however, comforting that you have gone home after service; sleep on my beloved. Sleep on my God’s general,” she said. The prophet’s first daughter, Mrs Sarah Joshua-Moshi, said that her father taught her everything she knew about the word of God. She said that her father created time to care for her and her siblings. “He told me that the work of God is beautiful. Indeed you lived a life of sacrifice till your last moment on earth. I will truly miss your conversations with me. I will truly miss your wisdom,” she said. The prophet’s second and third daughters, Promise and Hart, also poured encomiums on him, describing him as a great man and loving father. His son-in-law, Mr Brian Moshi, said that he lived an exemplary life of service to God and humanity. Moshi said that his father-in-law could do many things at the same time. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No Evidence Arab League Sent Warning Message To FG On Biafra Movement CLAIM: A Twitter user claims that the Arab League of Nations sent a warning message to the Nigerian government on the Biafra movement.Thank you for shielding me from those who planned to destroy our lives, widow eulogises TB Joshua Thank you for shielding me from those who planned to destroy our lives, widow eulogises TB Joshua