Kano State Commissioner for Health, Dr Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa, has confirmed a new case of Circulating Derived Vaccine Polio type 2 (cVDPV2) in the state, an indication that a wild poliovirus is looming in the country if urgent action is not taken. It will be recalled that Nigeria was certified polio-free in August 2020. However, the status is currently hanging in the balance following the discovery of the case of cVDPV2 in Kano, six of such cases in Yobe, and five in Jigawa States. Speaking with pressmen, during the flag-off of the seasonal malaria chemoprevention campaign in Kano, the Commissioner who spoke through the State Director of Public Health, Dr Bashir Lawal said “with regard to the circulating derived vaccine poliovirus we are having in the country, it has been isolated, we discovered one case in Kano, six in Yobe and five in Jigawa States.’’ According to him, the cVDPV2 cases were discovered through experimentation of environmental sampling, not within human bodies as being experimented in the case of wild poliovirus. The commissioner however warned that if adequate measures are not in place, the development may give birth to another case of wild poliovirus and eventual retrieval of the country’s polio-free certificate. His words, “This development is to show a kind of laxity from us, this is environmental sampling, not within humans and it is trying to show that if care is not taken, then the wild poliovirus can come back around and what that means is that we are at risk of getting our certificate (polio-free certificate) retrieved.” He further disclosed that “when you have circulating virus, it does not mean that you have wild poliovirus but it is a kind of window with which you see and then also reflect on your performances, one of which is after polio certification, and is strengthening polio immunization.” He outlined the measures activated by stakeholders to avert the looming wild poliovirus to include series of routine immunization campaigns. “This is the reason why the national calendar now put outbreak response (OBR) in phases, phase 0, 1 & 2.” “We did phase 0 in January, we have just concluded phase 1 in June and thirdly in the next couple of weeks, we are going to have phase 2 of the OBR with regard to or in an attempt to see that we wipe out the issue of circulating virus, not wild poliovirus,” he explained. He urged parents to avail their children aged 3-59 months for the four days free SMC mass drug administration against malaria, adding that the exercise which is targeting 3,108,050 children across every ward in Kano, began on Thursday and will last for the next four days. Commenting on the flag-off of another seasonal malaria chemoprevention campaign, Dr Tsanyawa said the move was to avert more than 75% of both uncomplicated and severe malaria among under five years old children across the State. He added that 60% of clinical malaria cases occurring within 4 months of the rainy season, hence the need for exercise. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Nigeria risks retrieval  Nigeria risks retrieval Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Nigeria risks retrieval  Nigeria risks retrieval