Executive Director of the Centre for Environmental Justice in Sri Lanka has been elected as the chair of Friends of the Earth International. Hemantha follows Karin Nansen of Uruguay, whose two terms as chair ended in June 2021. Nigeria’s Chima Williams, Acting Executive Director of Environmental Rights Action was also elected as one of the two Friends of the Earth Africa representatives at the Friends of the Earth International Executive Committee. The elections were the high points of the 2021 Biannual General Meeting (BGM) of Friends of the Earth International hosted by BUND/Friends of the Earth Germany and attended virtually by members from 73 countries of the world. Hemantha is a science graduate from the University of Kelaniya in Sri Lanka. He joined the environmental justice movement in 1990 as an environmental officer for the Environmental Foundation Ltd. In 2004, he co-founded the Centre for Environmental Justice – the most visible environmental organisation in Sri Lanka. From 2005-2008, Hemantha was Executive Director of the Philippines based NGO Forum on ADB, a network of civil society organisations monitoring the Asian Development Bank – for which he has also been the elected International Convenor a number of times. Hemantha has held leadership positions in number of other regional and international networks and is a leading environmental activist in the Asia Pacific region. Hemantha was an elected member of Friends of the Earth International’s Executive Committee from 2010-2018. In his acceptance speech, Hemantha said: “I am honoured to be elected as chair of the world’s largest grassroots environmental justice organisation which, for 50 years, has been leading the fight against polluters and natural resource exploiters for a just and equitable future. My priority for the next two years is to strengthen the member groups and Friends of the Earth International’s work with communities around the world fighting for a just society in line with our vision and mission.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Buhari Urges MTN For Quality Service, Downward Price Review In Cost Of Data, Other Services President Muhammadu Buhari Friday at State House Abuja urged the MTN Group to make the available top-of-the-range service to its Nigerian subscribers…  Friends of the Earth International gets new chair  ;  Friends of the Earth International gets new chair  ;  Friends of the Earth International gets new chair  ;  Friends of the Earth International gets new chair.