The Nigerian Exchange Limited (NGX) closed trading with a marginal loss on Thursday, having recorded a 0.02 per cent decline in its market indicator. Specifically, the All-Share Index (ASI) settled at 37,898.56 basis points as against an opening of 37,907.28 basis points, thus opening the month of July on a bearish note. The local bourse traded with mixed sentiments, as interest in Zenith Bank offset losses in Oando and Dangote Sugar. Consequently, equities investors shed N4.53 billion from their investment as the market capitalisation settled at N19.76 trillion at the end of the trading session on Thursday. The Month-to-Date return of the ASI, therefore, was -0.02 per cent while the Year-to-Date loss was stood at -5.9 per cent. As measured by market breadth, market sentiment was positive, as 20 tickers advanced relative to 14 losers. On the performance chart, TrippleG and Ikeja Hotels topped the gainer’s list having added 10.0 per cent and 9.8 per cent to the value of their respective shares, while Royal Exchange and Oando shares shed 9.8 per cent and 8.5 per cent respectively to record the most significant losses of the day. The total volume of trades decreased by 3.9 per cent to 205.45 million units, valued at N2.73 million, and exchanged in 3,563 deals. GTCO was the most traded stock by volume and value at 41.84 million units and N1.25billion, respectively. On sectors, the Banking and Insurance indices gained 0.4 per cent respectively while the Oil & Gas index declined by 1.3 per cent. On the other hand, the Consumer Goods and Industrial Goods indices closed flat. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE FACT CHECK: Did UNICEF Say Blocking Children’s Access To Pornography Constitutes Human Rights’ Infringement? CLAIM 1: A Twitter user claims UNICEF said any efforts to block children from accessing pornography might infringe their human rights. VERDICT: MISLEADING! CLAIM 2:  A website report shared by the Twitter user claims UNICEF said pornography is not always harmful to children. VERDICT: MISLEADING! UNICEF in its report explained that though there are different kinds of risks and harms that have been linked to children’s exposure to pornography but there is ‘no consensus’ on the ‘degree’ to which pornography is harmful to children.Equities market opens month with marginal loss amidst mixed sentiments Equities market opens month with marginal loss amidst mixed sentiments Breaking News, Nigerians can now work in Nigeria and get paid in US Dollars, click here to apply today. Learn how to code in Nigeria as a beginner. Learn from the comfort of your home. Click Here.