The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) led by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has expressed delight over the success of the sit-at-home order in the South-East and a part of the South-South region on Monday. According to them, the unprecedented success and total compliance that greeted the exercise has sent panic waves down the spine of their oppressors as they now understand how prepared they are to restore the Biafra Republic. IPOB made this known in a statement released by its Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful on Monday evening while commending friends and lovers of Biafra for making the exercise a huge success. “We immensely thank the people of Akwa Ibom, Cross Rivers, Anambra, Abia, Delta, Imo, Edo, Rivers, Bayelsa, and Kogi States as well as Igbanke, Idoma and Igede people for being part of the success story. We equally extend our appreciation to our brothers and sisters in  Ambazonia for their wonderful support. “We cannot thank the Biafran Diaspora community for their inestimable contributions in our struggle for independence. Biafrans in the Diaspora did us proud on Sunday, May 30 when they trooped out in their thousands to celebrate Biafra Day in their respective host countries. We are very proud of you all. “Above all, we are grateful to the Almighty God, Chukwu Okike Abiama for making the exercise peaceful and hitch-free. We are peace lovers and will continue to push for our freedom peacefully. “The huge success recorded in the sit-at-home order has further demonstrated that with unity we can actualise Biafra sooner than expected. “We, therefore, encourage all Biafrans to remain resolute in our struggle for self-determination which is our fundamental right.” BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.