The management of Solad Power Group said the company has connected 10,000 small businesses to affordable and reliable power across its portfolio of mini-grids in Nigeria. The company’s Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer, Yewande Olagbende,  disclosed this,  in a statement, as it connected the 10000th business, recently, thereby marking a significant milestone in the company’s growth and development trajectory. Expressing  the company’s delight at the milestone,  Olagbende  described the  milestone as  a clear validation of the unmet demand for affordable and reliable power amongst the nation’s  millions of small businesses. According to her,  in addition to the company’s  existing investment programme of rolling out more mini-grids in market clusters across the country, it had also been able to provide individual businesses and homes with dedicated power solutions that could be installed rapidly, thereby enhancing the company’s customer base. She added that the move had become particularly important for households and small businesses which had been badly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. “Our ability to provide them with reliable power solutions that simultaneously reduce costs as well as mitigate the environmental damage associated with power generation  is most needed,” she added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!