Police operatives at Sango Divisional Headquarters of Oyo State Command have arrested four suspected cultists belonging to Aiye Confraternity. This was disclosed by the state police spokesman, DSP Adewale Osifeso, on Wednesday. According to the PPRO, the suspects were said to have been terrorising residents of Ijokodo, Alemolokun and Elewure axis of Sango Division. Osifeso gave their names as Jamiu Alimi ‘m’ a.k.a Akara, aged 30; Ayo Akinyemi, 22 years old; Kayode Oluwaseyi Oluomo, aged 28 and Muhammed Sanusi, aged 25. The image-maker disclosed that the suspects were nabbed through credible information, intelligence and detailed investigation by the operatives. Aside from cultism, Osifeso said the suspects engaged in robbery, rape and other gang-related offences, adding that they were rounded up while planning to unleash fresh mayhem on unsuspecting victims. Exhibits found in their possession included two cut-to-size local Dane gun, a cut-to-size locally-made pistol, a cutlass, six live cartridges and an axe. Saying that investigation was still in progress to apprehend other members of the cult gang, the PPRO assured that the state command would continue to work towards ridding the state of criminal elements. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Oyo police arrest four suspected cultists, recover weapons Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…https://tribuneonlineng.com/osinbajo-lauds-secureid-for-pioneering-world-class-smart-card-manufacturing-facility-in-nigeria/  Oyo police arrest four suspected cultists, recover weapons [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!