Kogi State Police Command has arrested three suspected cattle rustlers, recovered thirty-three cows from them. The state command public relations officer, DSP William Ayah disclosed this on Wednesday in a press statement issued by his office. According to him, they got a report that a trailer loaded with rustled cattle were heading towards Kogi State. He said the command immediately ordered the operatives attached to Quick Response Unit in collaboration with Hunters Group to promptly swing into action and they intercepted a red colour DAF 33 Trailer with registration number Bauchi B 881 KTG along Lokoja-Kabba junction road. The following suspects; Musa Yakubu, Sanni Isah and Rabiu Sanni were arrested while thirty-three cows were recovered from them. However, during interrogation according to the statement, the suspects confessed to the crime and are assisting in the ongoing investigation. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Police arrest three suspected  Police arrest three suspected Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Police arrest three suspected Police arrest three suspected BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!