AMIDST the estimated 22 million accommodation deficit in the country, lack of effective demand for housing units may widen vacancy factor in Nigerian cities, Managing Director, Financial Derivatives Company (FDC), Mr Bismarck Rewane, has said. Giving the real estate’s update for quarter two (Q2)  2021 in the  May edition  of LBS Executive Breakfast, Rewane pointed out that lack of effective demand for housing units  would be driven by weak consumer disposable income in May,2021. He also predicted likely revision in rent payment as building and maintenance costs soar. Nigerian Tribune’s field survey has shown that the price of a bag of 50-kilogramme of cement has been jacked up to N4,000  from N3,700 last weekend  in Lagos. In locations such as Port Harcourt, Owerri, Enugu, Asaba and Aba among others, a bag of cement of any brand costs N4,500. Logistics, general inflation and forex issues have been adduced by major manufacturers as factors responsible for hike in cement price in the country. Decrying high cost of accommodation in high-end locations such as Ikoyi, Lekki and other choice locations, Rewane said there has been  increased preference for cheaper options like one or two bedroom apartments particularly on the  Lagos mainland. He also noted the rise in serviced apartments and condos in the Lekki – Ikate – Ajah axis According to a report, it’s estimated that over 5,000 properties in Lagos are unoccupied due to over-pricing and high agency fee. In Abuja, the number of completed and vacant houses are over 30, 000 notwithstanding the high number of slum settlements dotting the city. This is also linked to high rental fees irrespective of the efforts by successive and current administration to provide affordable homes for low income earners. On commercial real estate, Rewane foresees hotels, luxury apartments, shopping malls, clubs, event centres making a comeback as CAOVID restrictions ease According to him, this comeback would support the recovery in accommodation and food services sector, warning that weak demand remains a threat He also predicted increase in shared office space as companies look to minimise operating costs and maintain skeletal work from home strategy The managing director of FDC stated that construction of high rise commercial buildings in VI and Ikoyi would continue in Q2. However, despite the nation’s economic downturn and the COVID-19 pandemic, report of the Nigerian Institution of Estate Surveyors and Valuers (NIESV)’s Lagos Property Market Consensus Report H1 2020, stated that land, rents and house prices maintained upward trajectory. According to the field survey carried out on cost of lands, rental and sale values of residential and commercial properties in Lagos’ Property market, Banana Island, Old Ikoyi and Victoria Island recorded the highest prices. Banana Island, Ikoyi and Victoria Island also recorded the highest rentals for office spaces in the state, while Ikeja GRA maintained the lead on Lagos mainland property market On the other hand, Lagos Island, though situated in the same zone with Banana Island and home to the highest offices and businesses, recorded low rental cost of N22,413 per square metre (sqm). The report attributed poor infrastructure to low rental cost and property values in Lagos Island Central Business District. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!