As part of efforts to stem unsafe abortion, adolescent delinquencies and ensure that adolescents make responsible decisions about their livelihood, Sustaining Programmes and Partnerships for Reproductive Health Transformation (SuPPoRT) initiative, a USAID supported programme, is supporting the capacity building of 30 youths from Ibadan North East and Ibadan South West in Oyo State. In that regard, the organisation, in collaboration with the Oyo State government, has built their capacity on leadership and mindset change, entrepreneurship, sexual and reproductive health and financial management. The body also offered startup tools on graphic designing, fabrics and leatherworks, as well as wig making, branding and customising; fashion and make up; cakes and confectionaries. Executive Secretary, Oyo State Primary Health Care Board, Dr Muideen Olatunji, speaking at its Community Connect graduation ceremony in Ibadan, said the youth development, a key component of the SuPPoRT initiative, is a catalyst to empower the youths and impart their reproductive health. Dr Olatunji, who spoke through the state Family Planning Coordinator, Mrs Adeola Awakan, described the two-weeks training as a milestone that would go a long way to help them to make responsible decisions about their wellbeing, education, career and livelihood. Also speaking, Technical Assistant for SUPPORT initiative, Mrs Adesola Fanimokun, who said the pilot project that focused on youths between age 15 and 30 years, declared the readiness of the organisation in replicating it in other local government areas in the state in other to capture all young persons. According to her, “Youths are getting more inquisitive and deliquesces, such that there is a higher rates of unplanned pregnancy, bad behaviour among young people. So, SUPPORT initiative decided to build the skills of young people to be able to make positive decisions. “We realize that lack financial capacity is one of the things hindering young people from being able to make positive decisions for themselves. So, we decided that to build their self skills and support with skills to make money and be able to make their own decisions. “We have started a new way of doing things and we are sure we will see its impart in the nearest future,” she said. Mrs Fanimokun urged that parents and the community would continue to support them to ensure that the businesses thrive as the youths transfer the skills to their peers also in the community. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!