The remains of the second son of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, Pastor Dare Adeboye, will be interred on Tuesday, May 11. Third son and personal assistant to Pastor Adeboye, Leke Adeboye, disclosed this on Friday on behalf of the Adeboye family in a statement. Lleke Adeboye expressed gratitude to all for prayers and words of encouragement from Nigerians and the entire world since the demise of Dare was announced. “With our hearts full of gratitude, we appreciate you, for standing by our family, in this period of trial. We are consoled, no doubt, by the fact that our beloved son has returned home, to rest in the bosom to his Maker and Father. “Our confident assurance is rooted in the life of selflessness and sacrifice our son lived for Jesus Christ, our Saviour. “Thank you so much for your prayers and words of encouragement. “Our prayer is that we will all make it to that glorious home, in Jesus mighty name,” he prayed in the statement he personally signed. According to the funeral programme for the deceased, a special service will hold on Sunday, May 9, at City of David Youth Church, Eket, Akwa Ibom State. A thanksgiving songs and tribute holds on Monday, May 10, at RCCG, House of Favour, Redemption Camp. On Tuesday, May 11 at 10.00 a.m., a farewell service will hold at Youth Centre, RCCG, Redemption Camp, Ogun State, after which the deceased will be committed to mother earth. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Pastor Dare Adeboye for burial Tuesday, May 11 Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Pastor Dare Adeboye for burial Tuesday, May 11 BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!