The Federal Government has expressed concern over the unrest in Kaduna following the declaration of the trade dispute between the organized Labour and the State Government. In a bid to nip the escalation of the crisis to other parts of the country, the government is ramping up its efforts including the involvement of security agencies. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, gave this position while briefing correspondents at the end of the virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting, presided over by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo at the presidential villa, Abuja on Wednesday. He said that apart from the efforts by the Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, to resolve the issue, the security apparatus has taken pre-emptive measures to ensure that the protest is not hijacked by hoodlums. Responding to questions on the possible federal government intervention in the crisis to avert degeneration, he affirmed that the government is doing its best to control the situation. Mohammed said, “The federal government is not folding its arms and already, the Minister of Labour and Employment has waded in and is in touch with both the government of Kaduna State and also the Labour. “In addition, the security apparatus all over the country have also taken pre-emptive measures to ensure that hoodlums don’t take advantage of this situation. “In particular, I know that the police has reinforced its patrol between Kaduna and Abuja, so that we do not witness kidnappers taking advantage of the situation. “Overall, I think the federal government is quite concerned and is doing its best to see how the two parties can resolve their misunderstandings amicably, with little loss to productivity, little loss to properties. “At the end of the day, all the parties have to come back to the drawing table to agree and hammer out concessions and agreements.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  FG expresses worries over Kaduna unrest  ;  FG expresses worries over Kaduna unrest  ;  FG expresses worries over Kaduna unrest  ;  FG expresses worries over Kaduna unrest. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!