President Muhammadu Buhari has spoken to Fati, the wife of the late Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and the spouses of other victims of the Friday air crash in Kaduna. According to a statement issued on Sunday by Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity), speaking to Fati and through her, the other late officers’ spouses, Buhari described Gen Attahiru as an outstanding soldier and an institution builder, who fought valiantly for Nigeria until he breathed his last. He hailed the sacrifices of the military men who lost their lives and the Armed Forces in general, saying that Nigerians will continue to appreciate and support the fearlessness with which our courageous soldiers are confronting the threats facing the nation. He gave the grieving spouses assurances that the nation will never forget the supreme sacrifice of their spouses, urging them to take solace in the surge of extraordinary feelings of emotions across regions, religions and tribes all over the country in appreciation of their sacrifices. The statement informed that the President who had earlier given directives to the Defense headquarters and the Ministry of Defence to do everything a government can do to provide comfort and ease the hardships of the families of the deceased, prayed to Almighty God to repose their souls and grant their families the fortitude to bear the losses. Mrs Attahiru, on behalf of the rest of the families, thanked the President for the love and care he has shown to them. Meanwhile, President Buhari has approved that the national flag should fly at half-mast in all public buildings, facilities and all official residences. This will take place between today and Wednesday this week. A statement from the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, on Sunday night, disclosed this, adding that the president also approved today as a public holiday for the Armed Forces. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!