Five persons have been reported killed by gunmen in Ozubulu, Ekwusigo Local Government Area of Anambra State, on Sunday night. During the attack, the office of the vigilante group in the area was also set ablaze along with a vehicle by the assailants. Nigerian Tribune equally learnt that a top businessman in the area was among those killed in the attack. The State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Ikenganya Tochukwu confirmed the incident but said he had not been briefed on the number of casualties. According to the PRO, “Yes, there was an attack in Ozubulu but not the police station, but vigilante office by the hoodlums. “They came in Sienna vehicles, motorcycles and attacked the office of the vigilante. Security operatives have been deployed to the area and normalcy has been restored ” He said that the incident happened at about 7pm on Sunday. Meanwhile, an eyewitness in the area, who did not want to be mention in the print, told Nigerian Tribune that last night over five bodies were found at the scene of the incident The source said nobody was sure of the number that was gunned down, adding that the number of gunmen that invaded their community were more than 12 persons who shot repeatedly into the air.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!