Governor, Samuel Ortom of Benue State has called for sustained prayers to end insecurity in the country. Ortom in his Eid ul-Fitr message said that he believed that with prayers and commitment on the part of government and the people, the wave of killings, kidnappings, herdsmen attacks and banditry will be surmounted. In the message issued by the Chief Press Secretary, Terver Akase, the governor said that the peace, security and unity of the country must be placed above personal and sectional interests, as keeping Nigeria safe and united is a task for all its citizens. He urged Muslims in the state to promote the values and lessons of Ramadan such as piety, generosity, peaceful coexistence and justice. The governor acknowledged and appreciated the prayers made by the Muslim community any time the state is confronted by challenges. He assured Benue people that the security of lives and property will remain the priority of his administration and wished all Muslims a peaceful Eid-ul-Fitr celebration. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… |Eid-ul-Fitr: Gov Ortom urges Nigerians to pray for peace | Eid-ul-Fitr: Gov Ortom urges Nigerians to pray for peace  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!