A posthumous album of all new songs from late rapper DMX is on the way.  X’s longtime producer, Swizz Beatz shared the news on Instagram on Monday (May 10) that the rapper’s ‘Exodus’ project would be released on May 28 via Def Jam Recordings. It’s been 18 years since X released his first ‘Def Jam’ album ‘Grand Champ’ in 2003. “My brother X was one of the purest and rare souls I’ve ever met,” Swizz said in a statement, according to The Hollywood Reporter. “He lived his life dedicated to his family and music. Most of all, he was generous with his giving and loved his fans beyond measure. This album, X couldn’t wait for his fans all around the world to hear and show just how much he valued each and every single person that has supported him unconditionally.” Billboard reports that ‘Exodus’ will focus on themes of redemption and shares its name with one of his sons, Exodus Simmons. Since the start of his career, DMX has sold more than 74 million records worldwide and has charted on the Billboard 200 and Top Hip Hop charts with several No.1 hits from his first five albums. Grammy-nominated Ruff Ryders MC and talented actor, born Earl Simmons, died at age 50 on April 9 after suffering a  ‘catastrophic cardiac arrest’. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Posthumous DMX album  Posthumous DMX album Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Posthumous DMX album  Posthumous DMX album BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.