Sea pirates have reportedly raided the waterways of Ibaka in the Mbo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, killing two passengers. It was learnt the incident happened in the early morning hours of Wednesday. Effiong Bassey, a local fisherman, on the shores of Ibaka, told Tribune Online on phone, that “the two were killed when the armed thieves attacked their speed boat and dispossessed them of cash, goods and other valuables.” Besides, the fisherman explained that the assailants shot at the speed boat when the man piloting it failed to stop for the criminals to rob. He added that outboard engines of the speed boat were also seized. The dead persons, he added, were returning from their business trip from Bakassi, when they were ambushed by the sea criminals. It was gathered that the waterways covering Mbo, Oron, Ibeno, Esit Eket, Ikot Abasi and Oron, have been under siege for several months, creating serious tension around the Gulf of Guinea region. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Odiko Macdon, a Police Superintendent (SP), did not pick his phone calls at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Sea pirates kill two in raid of Akwa Ibom waterways Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Sea pirates kill two in raid of Akwa Ibom waterways BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!