Worried by the gully erosion that is gradually subduing the Federal College of Education (Technical) in the state, the Gombe State Government has declared interest in taking a loan from the World Bank in order to address problems now that it can be salvaged. The expression was made public by the Deputy Governor, Manassah Daniel Jatau, while receiving a Presidential Visitation Panel led by Professor Kenneth Okiongbo, who was in Gombe on an assessment visit to the school. The deputy governor who received the delegation on behalf of Governor Muhammad Inuwa Yahaya said that the intervention would not be out of place since it is to the advantage of the state. He further said that the state government had already intervened in the erosion control of the college through the diversion of some major structures at the State Mega Park which is very close to the school, assuring that the government is working assiduously to the reality and completion of the work on the erosion sites. Jatau also said that the government is comprised of many educationists, as such, it is very sensitive to matters that has to do with the educational development of the state. He then called on the panel, especially the school management, to assist the state-owned College of Education in Billiri which is in its tender stage, in various aspects of its development. Earlier, Chairman of the Presidential Panel, Prof. Okiongbo called on the state government to do more interventions in the school in the areas of erosion control and road infrastructures. He stated, however, that the school is well managed and gave kudos to the management. The Presidential Panel was inaugurated on April 12, 2021, in Abuja to carry out their assignment in the aforementioned areas within the period of 2011 – 2015 and 2016 – 2020.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!