The Presidency has clarified that Gimba Yau Kumo, accused of $65 million fraud in the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria (FMBN) and has been declared wanted by the Independent Corrupt Practices and related offences Commission (ICPC), is no longer a son-in-law to President Muhammadu Buhari. A statement issued by presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, on Friday night informed that the relationship between Kumo and the president’s daughter ended some years ago. “While at some point in time the said fugitive from justice had been linked to a family member in marriage, that relationship has ended some years ago,” Garba said. Reacting to what he called a running story to the effect that the ICPC has declared “an inlaw of the president” wanted in connection with the fraud, he said: “This should normally be an affirmation that our anti-corruption agencies/institutions are truly independent and allowed unfettered freedom by the President which in fact is the case. “That a state institution can issue such is a measure of the administration’s commitment to accountability, equality and justice. “To set the records straight,  the person declared wanted  by the ICPC is not an inlaw to president Buhari.” The presidential aide further said: “It is therefore unfortunate to bring the President’s family into this case. It is in our view, an attempt to generate views and sell copies of sensational reporting. “The president’s position at all times is that the law is allowed to take its course. As is well known of him, President Muhammadu Buhari will not provide any cover for crime,  no matter who is involved.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.