BARELY 24 hours after students of Greenfield University in Kaduna were released by their abductors, about 200 students of an Islamiyya school were on Sunday kidnapped in Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State. A resident of the area, Zayyad Mohammed, told Channels Television by telephone. It was gathered that the bandits stormed the school at about 4:30 p.m. when the students were receiving lessons. It was learnt that one person was killed with one of the students critically injured during the attack. According to the resident of the area, the school, known as Salihu Tanko Islamiyya School, located in Tegina town, was built by a retired immigration officer. The state government confirmed the abduction of unspecified number of pupils in a statement issued by Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Ahmed Ibrahim Matane, on Sunday. The statement added that the government was yet to ascertain the number of pupils kidnapped in the school alongside their teachers. Another statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mary Noel-Berje confirmed that 11 students who the kidnappers deemed feeble were released. Also, the state police command confirmed the abduction of the schoolchildren and some residents. Mr Adamu Usman, Commissioner of Police, also confirmed to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the abductors killed one person in the process. He said that the command had deployed a tactical squad supported by operatives of Operation Puff Adder 2 to track the abductors and rescue the victims. Meanwhile, the Director-General of the Niger State Emergency Management Agency (NSEMA), Alhaji Ahmed Ibrahim Inga, while speaking to Nigerian Tribune by telephone, said the bandits released about 11 children whom they discovered could not walk properly to keep pace with those being taken into the bush. He added that the parents of the six students have since taken custody of them BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.