THE Director of Publicity of the Northern Elders Forum (NEF), Hakeem Baba-Ahmed, has asked the National Assembly to remove President Muhammadu Buhari if he cannot guarantee the security of Nigerians. Speaking on Kakaaki, a political programme on AIT, on Monday, Baba-Ahmed charged the National Assembly members to note that the constitution bestowed on them the powers to act in the interest of Nigerians. He noted that the country is in need of a solution as it is currently faced with serious security issue, saying “it is not about talking or promises that things will be better. “One option we have is that the legislators will look at the record of the administration, understand the areas where the president has failed, understand areas where there is clearly no evidence that they’re going to do anything about it and refer to the constitution that says the whole purpose of government is to secure citizens and pursue their welfare. “If Buhari fails to do that, for me, those are impeachable offences. In the last six months, two years, what has the president done to secure the country? “Absolutely nothing has been done and yet you see increasing failure of the state to protect citizens,” he said. The NEF spokesman further added that if the president cannot deliver, he should be impeached. “We don’t have a National Assembly that appears to have the levels of patriotism and concern beyond partisan politics to realise that when this roof falls, it also falls on their heads. “Partisanship is so pronounced that the people we elected and sent to Abuja think they serve the president rather than the Nigerian people,” he lamented. He said the second option is for citizens to get together and decide on what to do. Baba-Ahmed said the third option is: “Those leaders who are failing will recognise the fact that they are the problem and they will resign, because they clearly have nothing to offer in terms of leadership.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!