Niger State Universal Basic Education Board has dismissed 20 teachers in Public Primary Schools for certificate forgery and abscondment from work. Of the dismissed teachers, the board said, four are from Gbako Local Government, three each from Bida and Lapai, two each from Agaie, Katcha and Lavun and one each from Mashegu, Munya and Shiroro while one teacher was dismissed in Kontagora for dereliction of work. A press release signed by the board’s Public Relations Officer, Idris Kolo, said the decision was taken at the management meeting in furtherance of the board’s determination to ensuring that only those with the requisite qualifications and zeal to work would be allowed into the teaching profession especially at the basic level of education in the state. The statement cited the Chairman of the Board, Dr Isah Adamu, saying that the board has resolved to flush out all unqualified teachers in public primary schools as part of measures to restore the quality of teaching and learning at the basic level of education, noting that this is the first phase of those whose certificates have been verified by the institutions they claimed to have attended. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Niger SUBEB dismisses 20 teachers for certificate forgery Niger SUBEB dismisses 20 teachers for certificate forgery BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!