The Nigerian tech community is rising to meet the developer demand. According to recent data, Nigeria is emerging as a premier tech investment destination. With over 50 active tech hubs, Nigerian companies have raised over 90 million US dollars. Indeed, Nigeria is currently one of Africa’s biggest technology markets, accounting for over 20% of Internet users. As an individual interested in software development, it is important to know how the Nigerian tech community is rising to address developer shortages. This way, you can enhance your understanding of the country’s job landscape. Read on to discover how the Nigerian tech community is rising to meet the developer demand. The Role Of Education First, Nigerian education is playing a key role in the country’s tech revolution. Notably, many developers in Nigeria are utilizing online resources to learn computer programming. For example, many individuals utilize online coding schools and course programs. In addition, they also utilize free online video platforms and attend programming workshops. Simultaneously, many tech companies also provide learning tools and coding boot camps to help prospective developers learn faster. Since many developers are self-taught, the overarching tech community is exceptionally hard-working. Often, this pushes developers to expand their horizons by learning new tools and programming languages. With e-learning reshaping education in Nigeria, learning resources are driving developer growth. Advanced Tools And Resources Next, Nigerian tech companies are utilizing advanced tools and resources to meet the software development demand. For example, many tech companies use a Docker registry to automate development, perform vulnerability analyses, and conduct artifact flow control. Adopting these innovative tools, teams can better cross-departmental collaboration, secure images, and gain deeper insights into issues. Of course, this will help to effectively store, distribute, and deploy your containers. This way, you can promote efficiency, collaboration, and control across your software development life cycle (SDLC). Undoubtedly, these advanced tools and resources are driving development growth in Nigeria. Rise Of Back-End Developers In addition, the rise of back-end developers is also playing a major role in Nigeria’s software development growth. According to recent studies, over 30% of recent job postings were for back-end developers. Additionally, Nigerian developers have one of the highest open source project growth rates in the world. Indeed, open source development is growing by over 50%. With such a high growth rate, many development experts recommend learning open source programming languages for back-end development. For example, Flutter is one of the fastest growing frameworks for open source projects. Thus, many developers are focusing on this language as they start to learn programming. Definitely, the rise of back-end developers is pushing growth in Nigeria’s tech industry. Growing Startup Landscape Moreover, the growing startup landscape is also accelerating the Nigerian tech industry. Tech startups are booming across fintech, investment services, and online banking sectors across the country. In fact, fintech startups alone raised over $100 million from 2015 to 2017. Notably, this is because companies are looking to streamline banking, payments, and money transfers as the economy moves away from cash transactions. This demonstrates how fast startups are growing the tech community. Of course, this opens up an abundance of opportunities for software developers, front-end engineers, and financial-savvy programmers. Absolutely, Nigeria’s growing startup landscape is driving software development expansion across industry sectors. Investment Interest Furthermore, investment interest is rapidly growing in Nigeria’s tech community. For example, Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg invested over $20 million into Andela in 2016. Notably, Andela is a tech startup that strives to educate individuals on computer programming and development. Mark Zuckerberg’s investment helped put Lagos on the global tech map. With this investment, Andela has been able to invest more in their student developers and place them with more partner companies. Across the country, this is significantly growing the future technology ecosystem. Certainly, investment interest is driving Nigerian tech community growth. The Nigerian tech community is rising to meet the developer demand. First, educational companies and resources are driving a new generation of developers. Next, advanced tools and resources are streamlining application management. In addition, back-end developers are playing a key role in the development. Moreover, the growing startup landscape is also helping meet the development demand. Furthermore, investment interest is allowing tech companies and communities to expand as well. With these fundamental movements across the market, there is several changes impacting Nigeria’s tech economy and ecosystem as a whole. Consider these points to learn about how the Nigerian tech community is rising to meet the developer demand. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!