Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state on Friday said he will answer those asking what projects he has completed in two years by embarking on a litany of projects commissioning from now till December. Makinde stated this during the inauguration of the upgraded and newly equipped staff clinic at the state Secretariat, Ibadan and handing over of nine mass transit buses for use of workers at the state Secretariat, Ibadan. Noting that the staff clinic was upgraded to deliver quality service to civil servants, he chided the immediate past administration for claiming to be Architect of Modern Oyo State without providing an ambulance for the State House clinic. Makinde stressed that he was not unaware of those critics on social media who lie in wait of what he will commission to mark his two years in office, said he will shock those critics when he begins to inaugurate one project after the other. Prior to the official flag-off of the usage of the buses and staff clinic, Makinde also flagged off the Start Them Early Programme (STEP), at Methodist High School in the Challenge area of Ibadan, aimed at equipping secondary schools students with agribusiness skills. Methodist school, Ibadan, is one of six schools in the state where STEP is being implemented with the International Institute for Tropical Agriculture (IITA) providing the needed technical know-how. Also on Friday, Makinde inaugurated a model school building at Muslim Grammar School (Junior), Odinjo, Ibadan. The construction work valued at N137,858,709.97, has 10 classrooms, 16 toilets, sickbay, science laboratory, library, principal’s office, assembly hall, and computer room. The school is also equipped with 28 sets of teachers’ furniture, 150 pairs of students’ furniture, a functional borehole with two tanks and a stand, a fence, and a security house. A Jumat service was also held at the Central Mosque, Oja’ba, Ibadan, with the state deputy governor, Rauf Olaniyan among leading dignitaries and clerics in attendance. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…I’ll answer critics  I’ll answer critics Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…I’ll answer critics  I’ll answer critics BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!