An angry mob in Erepa road in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State Capital, on Wednesday lynched a member of a three-man armed robbery gang who robbed a Point of Sale (POS) shop. Police in the state also arrested the leader of the gang. According to an eyewitness report, the gang was said to have, in the guise of making withdrawals, suddenly pointed a gun at the POS operator and robbed him of N90,000 and his phone. It was learnt that the victim courageously confronted the armed robbers, raising an alarm that attracted residents who called the attention of Police operatives on surveillance. It was further learnt that members of the community in collaboration with the police pursued the suspects, arrested the gang leader Gift Joshua, lynched Douglas (surname unknown) while the other gang member, Keme Azorbo escaped with gunshot wounds. Confirming the incident, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PRO), SP Asinim Butswat, in a statement said “Operatives of the State Intelligence Bureau, Bayelsa State Command on routine surveillance encountered armed robbery gang engaged them in a shoot-out and arrested the gang leader. “On 26 May 2021, at about 0930 hours, three armed robbery gang went to a Point of Sale (POS) shop at Erepa, Yenagoa on the pretence of making withdrawals, but suddenly pointed a gun and robbed the owner of Ninety Thousand Naira and his phone. “The victim courageously confronted the armed robbers and raised alarm. Police Operatives on surveillance and members of the community pursued the suspects and arrested the gang leader one Gift Joshua, angry mobbed lynched one Douglas surname unknown, while the other gang member one Keme Azorbo escaped with gunshot wounds. “Detectives are on the trail of the suspect who escaped. The investigation is ongoing.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!