Dare Adeboye, the second son of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has died. Dare Adeboye who until his death was a Youth Pastor in the church, was said to have died in his sleep on Wednesday in Eket, Akwa Ibom. His wife, Temiloluwa Adeboye, was said to have raised alarm when he retired to bed and didn’t wake up at the usual time. The Head of Media and Public Relations, RCCG, Pastor Olaitan Olubiyi, has, however, confirmed the incident. According to him “It is true. The incident happened in Eket where he was based. I don’t have the details for now. Maybe before the end of today, we will issue a statement.” Tributes and consolation messages to Pastor Adeboye and his family, have filled social media on Thursday morning, but the family is yet to issue a statement. 42-year-old Dare Adeboye, who is the third child of the renowned general overseer was married with kids and was the assistant regional pastor region 35 in Akwa Ibom.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.