The Anambra State Chapter of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) has conducted it state congress ahead of the upcoming November 6, 2021 governorship election in the state. Nigerian Tribune gathered that the congress which took place at Choice Hotel Awka, over the weekend, has the presence of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) officials and held in line with the COVID-19 protocols. The party also inaugurated and launched a platform known as Anambra Global Vision, with the theme: “Rethinking Our Strategies: Envisioning Anambra as the Ijele of Africa to Light Up the Nation.” Addressing party members, shortly after the exercise, the National Chairman of ADC, Chief Ralph Okey Nwosu, said that Nigeria can hardly get it right educationally, economically, and in the area of employment generation without working on the psyche of the ADC political leadership. He said that leadership ineptitude, elite opportunism and hypocrisy, and citizens inertia would continue to weigh the country down, until the country and its citizens decide to support and enthrone the right people and the right political party into power. “Nigerians must deconstruct the perilous order and the current mercantile political adventurism that had eclipsed the geographical space of the country. We have watched our country, states LGAs and ancient cities reduced to ethnic figments by the small minds, who have dominated positions of authority,” He assured that the era of whining, ruing and complaining in Anambra and Nigeria should be over if the people aligned themselves with ADC party and people to usher in the orchestra to showcase the superpower, economic development and progressive society, that have been denied Nigeria and Nigerians. According to him, ADC is anchored on transparency, responsibility, endurance, innovation, honestly, inclusion among other leadership responsibilities will deliver dividends of democracy to Ndi-Anambra, if voted into power. “We in ADC have envisioned for Nigeria and the various states within the country true trajectories of development so that no one is left behind,” Nwosu added. In his acceptance speech, on behalf of the state executive, the newly elected State Chairman of the party, Comrade Patrick Obianyo, said with ADC governor on the seat of power in Anambra, the state would witness rapid and massive industrialization that would pave the way for mass employment of young people. On his part, a governorship aspirant under the party platform, Honourable Afam Victor Ezenwafor, said Nigerian youths possess innate gifts and potentials that were grossly untapped and under-tapped. He said if elected into power come November 6, ADC would create enabling environment to harness and maximize such potentials. This, he said, would be achieved by creating effective synergy among ministries through buil-in forward and backward linkages for optimum performance and efficient service delivery. Another aspirant, Reverend Chinedu Surface Ifeanaejere, security personnel and party members also witnessed the electoral process. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.