The House of Representatives, on Sunday, suspended the constitutional amendment zonal public hearing scheduled for Tuesday due to the insecurity situation in the Imo State. Chairman, House of Representatives’ Special Committee on Constitution Review, Hon Idris Wase, disclosed this in a statement obtained by Tribune Online. According to the statement, the suspended Constitutional amendment zonal public hearing scheduled was scheduled to take place in Owerri Centre (Imo and Abia States), on Tuesday, 1st and Wednesday, June 2, 2021, was suspended until further notice. Worried by the development, the Committee expressed its regrets for any inconveniences this might cause our esteemed invited guests, stakeholders and the general public. Meanwhile, the scheduled zonal public hearing for other geopolitical zones are expected to commence, on Tuesday, at various centres. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Insecurity: Reps suspend constitutional amendment zonal public hearing in Enugu Insecurity: Reps suspend constitutional amendment zonal public hearing in Enugu BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.