Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has directed traders to observe Monday 31 sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Umahi gave the order on Sunday evening in a statement made available to newsmen by his Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr Francis Nwaze. Umahi made the call less than 24 hours after he threatened to seize any shop or business premises that are locked up on Monday in compliance with the no-movement order of IPOB. The statement reads: “The Government of Ebonyi State has received several requests from some families and residents of the state, requesting that they would like to remain indoors on Monday, May 31, 2021, to organise private family prayers in honour of their loved ones who were murdered during the unfortunate civil war. Some of the people with this special request own shops in some of our markets across the state. “While as a government, we remain resolute in the protection of lives and property of Ebonyians and all residents of Ebonyi State, we are aware that it is the right of anyone to remain at home or go about his/her normal businesses in this regard. “Following the foregoing, the Governor, Engr David Nweze Umahi, who is highly in touch with the people has directed that those who may wish to remain at home with their shop(s) locked should neither be penalized, nor their shop(s) seized as it is their constitutional right while the rights of those who may wish to go about their normal businesses should not be infringed upon as it is equally their constitutional right. “He has also directed security agencies to do everything possible to maintain law and order in the entire Ebonyi State while maintaining the ban of any procession and gathering of any kind throughout the state.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.