A Shell facility located at Obiakpu-Egbema in Ohaji/Egbema Local Government Area of Imo State has been set ablaze by people suspected to be gunmen. The incident occurred late Friday when the hoodlums stormed the place and set the facility ablaze. The inferno destroyed both oil pipes that supply oil to other locations and other equipment. The destruction attracted the attention of the Special Adviser to the Governor of Imo State on Oil and Gas, Hon. Goodluck Nanah Opia, who visited the scene in the company of officials of Nigeria Petroleum Development Company, (NDP), and Fire Service personnel. The former Speaker, Imo State House of Assembly and former House of Representatives member, who represented Ohaji/Egbema, Oguta and Oru West Federal Constituency expressed regret over the destruction of the facilities by hoodlums. While assuring that he would look into the matter, Opia called on the Shell Company to fix the place back. Meanwhile, the leader of the Fire Service team from the NPDC who refused to give his name blamed the attack on bunkering activities. The Fire Service team who visited the facilities succeeded in containing the conflagration to a very moderate magnitude before leaving. When contacted, the Imo State Police Command Public Relations Officer SP Elkana Bala, denied knowledge of the incident. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Shell facilities set ablaze by gunmen in Imo Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Shell facilities set ablaze by gunmen in Imo BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.