Manufacturers of sachet water, known as “pure water” in street parlance, in Imo State have commenced an indefinite strike because of the high cost of materials. The association, rising from its meeting, held last week Friday, had asked its members in the state to commence a strike action due to the current situation which had made it difficult for them to produce with profit. In the whole city of Owerri since the strike started, there has been a scarcity of sachet water hawkers on the streets, with residents desperately looking for water to drink. The situation has resulted in a sharp increase in the cost of a sachet of water from N10 to N20 per sachet, just as a bag of sachet water which used to be either N120 and N150 is now sold for N200. Speaking to Nigerian Tribune on Tuesday in Owerri, the manufacturer and producer of Aqua Ken-Pass table water, Mr Chris Offor, said that the strike was a result of high cost of their main production materials. He said that the cost of the nylon which used to be N650 per kg had gone up to N1,510 per kg, a situation which had given manufacturers sleepless nights. He said that the situation has continued to pose a hardship to the manufacturers in the state, adding that as a manufacturer, he had to abide by the order of the chairman and the decision of the meeting to embark on the strike. Offor said that the business of table water production in the state had not been without challenges because of the proliferation of the business. He regretted that people who came into the business wanted to make money by all means without minding the implications. He added that what the leadership of the association had decided upon was to strengthen the association with a view to creating a better environment for the manufacturers in the state.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.