ECOBANK Transnational Incorporated Plc (ETI) said it posted $201 million profit in 2020 compared with $184 million recorded in 2019. Consolidated group net revenues also increased by four per cent to $1.68 billion (N693.82 billion). Chief Executive Officer, Ecobank Group, Ade Ayeyemi, gave the report in a statement by the Group Head, Corporate Communications, Adenike Laoye, at the end of its AGM held in Lome, Togo on Thursday. The statement was made available to journalists on Friday indicating that the bank adopted a virtual strategy for the extraordinary AGM. Ayeyemi said that the bank had invested and focused significantly in ‘Building Back Better’ to be positioned for long-term growth and sustainability. “We will be driving our execution momentum agenda towards utilising these investments to deliver revenue expansion and the generation of long-term growth and return of capital for the company and its shareholders “Shareholders lauded the Group’s progress in 2020 and how it rose to the challenging environment. “Profit for the year at ETI, the holding company, was $201 million compared with $184 million in 2019 (at N412.99 to a dollar exchange rate) “For the consolidated Group, net revenues increased four per cent to $1,680 million. The gradual shift from physical to digital channels among consumers accelerated with the pandemic, which has changed the way of working in so many ways. “With our technology investments over the years, we were prepared and ensured that we steadfastly provided our customers with 24/7 access to their financial services’ needs,” he said. He said that all the resolutions presented at the AGM were approved, including the renewal of the mandates of Messrs Alain Nkontchou, Brian Kennedy and David O’Sullivan as directors for another three years. According to him, shareholders also ratified the co-option of Mr Herve Assah, as Director for a term of three years ending on the third anniversary of his co-option as director. He said that the mandates of the joint auditors, Deloitte Nigeria and Grant Thornton, Côte d’Ivoire, for a term of six years were renewed, subject to the amendment of the Articles of Association of the Company. The AGM was followed by an Extraordinary General Meeting at which shareholders voted to amend the relevant section in the Company’s Articles of Association to only reflect the appointment of auditors by the Company in the General Meeting. Ecobank Group Chairman, Nkontchou said that the bank was able to record the feat in spite of challenges of COVID-19 pandemic. “We offered our support in numerous ways to customers, employees, communities, health authorities and governments. “Through our multiple distribution channels and the substantial investments in technology, we were able to offer a seamless continuity of service. “We are intent on growing our business and will remain at the forefront of trade, payments, remittances and financial inclusion by continually leveraging on technology and appropriate partnerships,” he said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.