The Federal Government has been advised to revisit the Operation Feed the Nation (OFN) policy instituted by the military government of Nigeria in 1976, as a measure to achieve self-sufficiency in food crop production. This was one of the submissions of the Bishop of Diocese of Egba (Anglican Communion), Rt. Revd (Dr) Emmanuel Oludaisi Adekunle, in his charge presented to the Third Session of the Fifteenth Synod of the Diocese, held at the Silver Jubilee Multipurpose Hall, Onikolobo, Abeokuta. The Synod theme: “God Our Foundation and Salvation,” (Psalm 40: 1-3a). The Bishop submitted that the effect of climate change vis-a-vis excess heat and humidity; storms and flooding with devastating erosion; poor yield and storage of farm produce; ineffective methods of distributions of farm inputs among others are clear indications that the country might experience a shortage of food supply. “The shortfall in our food production needs to be taken care of. With the position of the country in the tropical region, we need to be taking advantage of the period of rainfalls, which is more than half a year. “The governments should encourage the farmers with various improved seeds, seedlings and other inputs. The advantage of many rivers flowing through the country should be made use of with modern-day irrigation and farming methods,” he added. The Bishop equally urged governments at different levels to stand and fight against all forms of insurgency and insecurity and advocate for community policing. Adekunle added, “Many times we get sceptical about things that could do us good as a nation. Community policing, neighbourhood policing, vigilance surveillance, are agents of security to ensure our safety at all times. The establishment of the South West Regional Security outfit-Amotekun is the right step in the right direction. We commend all the governors in the region for this initiative. We hope the desired result will be achieved.” The Bishop commended the Dapo Abiodun led administration for recording excellent success in the area of agriculture, education and infrastructural developments. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Food Security Threat: FG must revisit Operation Feed the Nation policy Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Food Security Threat: FG must revisit Operation Feed the Nation policy BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.