The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) on Sunday said the issuance of award letters to successful investors in the 2020 marginal field bid round programme would commence on Monday. It said successful investors, who will be receiving their award letters are companies that have fully satisfied all requirements listed in the marginal field bid round guidelines, including full payment of signature bonuses within the specified time frame. This was contained in a statement signed by the Head, Public Affairs of the organisation, Mr Paul Osu. It said the process, which culminated in the presentation of award letters, commenced in June 2020 with 57 marginal oil fields on offer for investors with the objective of deepening indigenous participation in the oil and gas industry as well as adding to the country’s production and reserve. The marginal field bid round programme, the DPR stated, is also geared towards providing technical and financial partnerships for investors. “The Department of Petroleum Resources will continue to provide transparent regulatory oversight for the oil and gas industry to enable business and create opportunities for investors,” the statement noted. The Director of the DPR, Mr Sarki Auwal stated that the country was expected to net $500 million from the signature bonuses on the fields, the first marginal field round since 2002. Auwalu said DPR had narrowed the list of bidders to 161 and would mark the first time Nigeria would allow companies to pay oilfield acquisition costs in naira. Having received the expected revenue, the statement also quoted the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, as saying that the regulatory agency “rescued” Nigeria from a financial crisis by remitting the funds to the Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) in April. According to the statement, Sylva had explained that since the DPR collected royalties on behalf of the federal government, it was able to fill the vacuum left by the NNPC in contributing to the federation account. “I can’t say what the figure is, but the DPR has always contributed to the federation revenue, because they collect royalties, so they’ll continue to contribute. “But as to fill the gap, it’ll not always be there, because NNPC has not said after not being able to contribute in May, it’ll stop entirely. NNPC has not announced it again. So, we cannot say for how long DPR is going to keep paying,” the statement quoted the minister as saying. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.