Bauchi state Governor, Sen Bala Mohammed on Saturday organized a get-together lunch for orphans and other vulnerable children drawn from orphanage homes and communities within the state capital to mark his second year anniversary in office. The governor alongside his wife, Aisha; his Deputy, Sen Bala Tela and his wife and other top government functionaries fete the children at the Ramat House, Bauchi in what was a departure from festivities associated with such celebrations. While speaking at the occasion, the governor explained that the idea to organize the feast for the orphans and vulnerable children was aimed at carrying them along and giving them a sense of belonging, noting that they have suffered neglect and rejection by the society. According to him, “the state government through the Bauchi State Orphans and Vulnerable Children Agency (BASOVCA) would continue to assist orphans and support them to be useful citizens of the society.” The governor also urged wealthy citizens to set up foundations and corporate organizations to provide charity to the less-privileged citizens in order to mitigate poverty in the country. While reviewing the last two years of his administration, Mohammed boasted that he has done much in the areas of infrastructural development, promising that government would also come up with social welfare programmes for the good of the people of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.