Dozens of people in north-western Nigeria have been declared missing and are feared dead after a boat carrying over 160 passengers capsizes on the River Niger. The passengers – mainly women and children – were travelling from Niger State to Kebbi State on Wednesday morning when the boat capsized, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported. Eyewitnesses told BBC that more than 160 people were on the boat when it suddenly broke into two in the middle of the river. Water divers and emergency agencies were looking for the passengers, the authorities in Kebbi State told the BBC. So far 22 people have been rescued. Boat accidents along the River Niger are common, especially when the water level rises after heavy rainfall. Some accidents are also attributed to overcrowding or collisions with tree trunks in the river. Last September, a similar accident in the area killed eight people.\ YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Many feared dead as boat carrying over 160 passengers breaks into two in River Niger Many feared dead as boat carrying over 160 passengers breaks into two in River Niger BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!