Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has awarded scholarships and cash donation to young athletes who made the state proud at the just concluded National Table Tennis Championship held in Lagos. In the tournament organized by NTTF in collaboration with the Lagos State Sports Commission (LSSC) and support from Baba Ijebu Bet, Prime Atlantic, and a host of others, Kogi-born Ize Sezuo put up a sterling performance and won a prestigious medal. Ize, who was accompanied by her parents, technical managers and other athletes from the state were in governor’s office to present their medals to the governor. The governor described Ize and others as teenage sensational athletes who deserved unequalled motivation and support. He congratulated the athletes while charging them to continue to make the state and nation proud. “I am highly delighted to meet Ize, the Kogi state representative for the NTTF Tennis championship recently concluded in Lagos. “Even while battling toothache and Malaria fever, Ize managed to come 3rd after facing competitors older than her. “I hereby award her an Educational scholarship from now until the conclusion of her tertiary Education. “Imagine what she could have achieved in full form without the troubles of toothache and Malaria.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant…  Gov Bello doles out scholarship, cash to young athletes Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…  Gov Bello doles out scholarship, cash to young athletes BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!