Prince Adewale Taorid Ojora, former Chief Executive Officer, Lagos State Law Enforcement Training Institute and an aspirant under the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the upcoming Local Government Chairmanship elections in Lagos State, vows to restore the lost glory of Lagos Island Local Council and protect the interests of its people and businesses during a stakeholder rally held recently. He echoed his hopes and aspirations for the people of Lagos Island and assured the electorates of his commitment to returning and securing the future of one of the most prosperous cities in Nigeria. Prince Ojora’s dreams for Lagos Island Local Council are encapsulated in his manifesto, where he highlights his seven-point agenda specifically aimed at reviving the infrastructural decay in Lagos Island and improving the Socio-eco-political situation of his constituents. His economic growth agenda, which would, in turn, flow into other sectors of the society, is centered on establishing strategic collaborations with stakeholders in the private sector. These collaborations would explore all areas of development and would culminate in mutually beneficial development administration that serves the corporate community and Islanders in general. In a statement from a key stakeholder present at the rally, Alhaji Farouk Salawe, “As a true son of Lagos, I have no doubts of Mr. Adewale Ojoras’s abilities to mend the previously broken relationship between the people and the government. It is clear that Prince Ojora is truly committed to achieving the vision of a prosperous Island and I believe that he is long overdue for this position.” As an indigene of Lagos Island, his deep connection to his community forms the basis of his political aspirations. Born into the royal family of Chief, Prince Abdulazeez Ojora, he spent a significant amount of time in Lagos; from attending Olowogbowo Methodist primary school to Lagos Baptist Academy, where he obtained his school certificate; and then to the University of Lagos where he got his first degree in Industrial Chemistry and Masters in Chemical Engineering. Prince Adewale’s active participation in politics proves that public office is not a feat too far from him. At the outset of the 4th republic, he was registered as a member of Alliance for Democracy AD where he contested for the Lagos House of Assembly Lagos Island Constituency 1 in 2003. He was appointed the Honorable Supervisor for Works, Housing, Infrastructure, and Transport in Lagos Island Local Government between April 2004 and August 2006 and later reappointed as the Secretary to the Local Government in August 2006 to March 2007. Prince Adewale Ojora contested the Chairmanship position of Lagos Island Local Government, Ifelodun LCDA, and Lagos Island Local Government in 2008, 2011, and 2017 respectively. He was a foundation Member of Action Congress (AC), Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN), and now All Progressives Congress (APC) Lagos State Chapter. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Ojora promises to restore  Ojora promises to restore Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… Ojora promises to restore  Ojora promises to restore BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!