Former military President, General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida (IBB) is alive and healthy as against rumours of his death in some quarters. IBB has continued to receive prominent citizens from far and near as visitors over the Eid-El-Fitr celebration on Thursday at his Uphill Mansion in Minna, Niger State capital. A source close to IBB said at the weekend that after the three Raqaat prayers at the Eid ground on Thursday in Minna, some prominent Nigerlites led by the state Deputy Governor, Alhaji Ahmed Mohammed Ketso, paid him Sallah homage until evening. At the time of filing this report on Friday, in Minna, the very reliable source who would not want his names mentioned in the print said that General Babangida was still receiving guests. The source added that  “IBB,  is in a good mood” adding that, “Baba is very hale and hearty”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.