Youths of the Old airport axis and its immediate environment of Sokoto South local government area have hit the street of Sokoto to protest against incessant power outrage in their areas. The youths who were in large number after deliberation with elders of the community decided to match to the head office of Kaduna Electric Company ( KAEDCO) to complain about what they described as discriminatory power supply to their area by officials of Kaduna Electric responsible for power supply to the area. They explained that many small business owners and artisan in the area have suffered from this action of the distribution and life have become unbearable to many residents considering the hot weather in Sokoto. They, however, called on the head office of the electricity distribution company in Kaduna to act fast or they will cease to pay the electricity bill and disconnect the area from the grid. The spokesman of the youth, Umar Nasir Abdumsamad, who spoke on their behalf said even communities that are reluctant in paying electricity bill are being given constant power supply while old airport, Offa Road, Tamaje, Damboa that pay regularly are made to suffer unjustly. At the head office of Kaduna Electric in Sokoto, a team of security personnel were drafted to prevent the breakdown of law and order. Tribune Online gathered that the said Old airport, Offa road, Tamaje, Demboa and trade fair road is dominated by people from other parts of the country with few indigenes of Sokoto State. Efforts to speak to the office of Kaduna Electric in Sokoto was unsuccessful at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Sokoto: Youths troop out to protest against irregular power supply Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Sokoto: Youths troop out to protest against irregular power supply BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!