American-based Nigerian entertainment brand Don Crucifixto,  known for its ardour to contribute to the growth of talented African youths both home and abroad, has recently kicked-off the mission to foster the dreams of talents from Nigeria, with Khabir. Tumi Oluyole, the record label owner, announced on his official social media page that the newest musical contract with Khabir is the next big thing to happen to the Don Crucifixto family as Khabir makes an addition to the two front liners of the label. Khabir, since the public announcement of his deal with the record label, has got new attention in the public space. He is seen as a young champ with great singing abilities that could pave way for him to the top, as he advances in his career. Before now, little was known of Khabir but when Oluwaseun Oluyole,  popularity known as Sean Dampte, Don Crucifixto A&R speaks, the media world tends to take a listen. According to Sean Dampte, the talented and young Afro pop singer, Khabir, would be releasing a debut single before the end of May, while promising that Khabir is the future of the new Afro-Fusion sound which has the heart of every music lover in deep now. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.