THE Federal Civil Service Pensioners (FCSP), has clarified that there is no plan by the union and its members across the federation to break away from its parent central body, the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP), to form another union. To this end, hundreds of FCSP pensioners recently staged a protest to the national headquarters of NUP in Abuja against the action of their already dissolved former executives led by Mr Sunday Omeize, for scheming to polarize the branch and divide the national body. Addressing journalists after the peaceful protest, the pensioners, led by the Chairman, Caretaker Committee, Federal Civil Service Pensioners, Comrade Eguaoba Fredrick, publicly disowned the recent activities and pronouncement of the dissolved Omeize-led Exco, warning that their intention, actions and inaction were to create crisis in the branch and the national body in order to break away from the NUP. “Their intention is to divide the NUP, and break away. They are not representing the federal pensioners, all they are after is check-off dues, just seven members of that executive and some of their kangaroo units heads purported to have been put in place the same Exco without the national body,” Comrade Eguaoba said. Recall that, the Nigeria Union of Pensioners at its 11th National Delegates Conference on April 2021 22, has dissolved the erring Sunday Omeize led National Exco and replaced it with an eight-man caretaker committee headed by comrade Eguoba Fredrick in line with the constitution of the Union,  rule 12 and 11. The highest decision-making body of NUP, the National Delegates’ Congress (NDC) said it dissolved the former executive of the FCSP branch for anti-labour activities and gross misconduct, which are clearly against the constitution of the union during the conference. While discarding as false the pronouncement by the dissolved Exco, that the FSCP has become a new union and has already broken away from the NUP, he called on all federal pensioners to stay in the NUP and remain loyal to the national body. Comrade Eguaoba said the dissolved Comrade Omeiza led-Exco decision does not reflect the position of all federal pensioners, saying that this was not in the interest of all federal pensioners, and was selfishly motivated. He said: “It is highly incredible and most astonishing to read with utmost dismay about a publication by a dissolved Exco led by Mr Sunday Omeize who have resulted to cheap blackmail of the NUP as a result of a decision taken against him and his former Excos after dissolution by the National Delegates Conference (NDC) in session on April 22, 2021, due to gross misconduct and anti-union activities capable of bringing the good name of the union into disrepute. “The defunct Exco, like a drowning man, had been trying relentlessly to pull down the NUP because of their dissolution. Their action is like a case of calling a dog a bad name in order to hang it. NUP is performing creditably well. To put the records straight, retirees of the Federal Civil Service branch have not and do not intend to opt-out of NUP to register another trade union as claimed by the dissolved and disgruntled Excos of the Federal Civil Service branch.” He accused the Omeize-led Excos of working only for their “egocentric, parochial and selfish interests,” while ignoring the plight and agony of the pensioners in Nigeria. According to him, they had never fought for the rights of pensioners and had never even written any official correspondence on behalf of pensioners to benefit them. Rather, he stated that the dissolved Exco wrote 52 petitions in all to different government agencies and parastatals but cannot point out to a single letter written in the interest of the members. “The sacked officers breached several provisions of NUP constitution with reckless impunity. They have no interest of pensioners at heart as earlier stated, their sole interest was the struggle for the collection of check-off dues which was only used to serve their personal interests. In spite of the colossal amount received by them as check-off dues for over two and half years they have practically nothing to show for their several monthly collections,” he said. He assured that there is no crisis between the NUP and the federal pensioners, saying that the so-called breakaway union are only a little fraction of “selfish” federal pensioners who only care about themselves. Citing an example, he said: “The NUP took up the battle for the implementation of the pension increase and its consequential adjustment, as a result of the increase in the national minimum wage in April 2019. We are glad to say that the circular to this was ready and it was released two weeks ago. But our dissolved executives did not write any letter, or do anything in respect of this, or any other thing that would have benefitted the pensioners.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!