The third edition of the life-transforming Global Ministers’ Classroom with Pastor Chris Oyakhilome will be held this Friday and Saturday, May 21st – 22nd. The event, sponsored by the International School of Ministry, is specially designed in accordance with the Holy Spirit to inspire ministers of the Gospel to fulfill their role in the mission and purpose of the Church. The Global Ministers’ Classroom is an online training course designed specifically for church pastors, associate pastors, youth pastors, and ministry leaders. The 24-hour program promises to be a transforming experience where participants will be strengthened and encouraged for the work of the ministry in these current days. “If you inspire one minister, you are inspiring hundreds, thousands, and millions of people. Every single minister is so important. So, let us do our best for the Lord,” the Man of God, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome has declared. What to expect from the Global Ministers’ Classroom In these uncertain times, following a global COVID-19 pandemic and spates of insecurity and unrest, it is vital to equip and train religious leaders around the world to win souls for Christ. Speaking at a press conference recently, Princess Nkovo, Coordinator of the International School of Ministry in Abuja, thanked our Man of God, Pastor Chris, for the amazing vision of the ISM. “Over the years, the ISM has given thousands the opportunity of being tutored by our Man of God, Rev. Chris Oyakhilome, and be imparted with the peculiar grace at work in His ministry”. She added that the conference would be a very special meeting, where ministers of the Gospel all around the globe would be impacted by the revelatory knowledge of God’s words on evangelism in these past days. “We trust that at the end of this conference, you will be richly blessed and divinely revitalized to achieve great and mighty feats for the advancement of the kingdom of God, most especially in soul-winning”, Princess Nkovo continued to say. How to register for the event Inspiring and faith-stirring expectations continue to increase as the highly anticipated ISM Global Ministers’ Classroom with Pastor Chris draws closer. Don’t miss out on this unique opportunity. Click here to register now. A new addition to this year’s event includes a segment where participants will have the chance to win a gift from Pastor Chris that promises to enhance the work of their ministry. Prizes include autographed books, pulpits, microphones, guitars, drum sets, keyboards, and exclusive Christ Embassy materials. The online event will feature a virtual exhibition where attendees will have the opportunity to network with thousands of pastors and church leaders from around the world. Participants can also explore and interact with the products and services of the International School of Ministry and other ministry divisions of Christ Embassy. While this year’s event will take place online, the organizing committee has included an option for participants to host an onsite classroom of invitees. As a minister of the Gospel, you’re the light of the world, but you’ll never know how brightly your light could shine until you go to those living in darkness. You’ll never know how powerful the gifts of God in your life are until you go to those in the shadow of death. Building a nation of Soul winners Pastor Chris, the founder and lead pastor of Christ Embassy, has been known to say that “soul winners are precious and influential people in the sight of God. As a child of God nothing should mean more to you than leading those in your world who have not yet known the Lord into salvation”. Pastor Chris believes us all to be missionaries here on earth, ambassadors for Christ, commissioned to take the message of salvation to everyone in our world. He encourages Christians this year, more than ever, to occupy themselves with evangelism and soul-winning. Help someone else receive salvation; help others to learn the Word; show them the path of life! Teach them how to live. This is the calling of Christians worldwide. The Bible doesn’t say “God has given to the pastors and evangelists the ministry of reconciliation,” rather, “He has given to us everyone who’s born again the ministry of reconciliation. It’s our call to be effective soul winners. God’s highest blessings are for soul winners; never forget that. As you win souls, you’re promoted in the spirit, and the Spirit of God increases His grace and glory upon your life to do more. So, let’s do the work of the Father- Soul Winning,” Pastor Chris teaches. Prayers for Ministers of the Gospel “Never accept anything contrary to what the Word says about you. If you’re experiencing weakness, doubt, discouragement, and other negativities in your life and ministry, don’t accept them. Accept only what the Word says, this is a special time of fellowship with the Word. Don’t be left out!” Together with Pastor Chris, we pray for ministers of the gospel around the world and the tremendous impact of the ISM Global Ministers’ Classroom in their lives and Ministries. “It doesn’t matter where you are, once you’ve trained yourself to listen to the Holy Spirit, you’ll hear Him amidst a myriad of voices because that’s the most important thing in your life – to hear Him and to know His mind at any particular point in time,” so explained Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, “Get ready to be inspired for the spread of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ in all the nations of the world.”  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!