Kwara State Police command has arrested a 24-year-old man with a fresh human head and hands. In a statement by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Okasanmi Ajayi, the suspect was arrested, on Monday, at about 06:30 am along Ajase Ipo/Ilorin road by a team of Operation Harmony who were on a stop and search duty. The PPRO said the security team had stopped one suspected commercial bus and in the process of searching a bag, “one boy took to his heels while his partner was held, the bag was searched and a freshly severed head and hands of a boy was discovered. “In the course of interrogation, he confessed to having killed the victim named Mohammed in Ajase Ipo with his fleeing partner for ritual purposes. “On the strength of the discovery, the Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Lawal Bagega psc, directed the homicide section of the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) to thoroughly investigate the case and arrest anybody connected to the heinous crime. “The suspect by name Kehinde John Moses took a team of investigators to where the body was dumped for purposes of recovery and subsequent transfer to the hospital for autopsy. “The commissioner of police, CP Mohammed Lawal Bagega wishes to advise criminals to vacate Kwara State, as the Command possesses the capacity to deploy all legal means to deal with criminals if that is what it will take to ensure the good people of Kwara live in peace at all times. “Investigation into the case is ongoing, the suspects will be charged to court as soon as the investigation is concluded.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  24-year-old man arrested with fresh human head, hand in Ilorin Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.