The Lagos State Fire & Rescue Service has succeeded in putting out the fire at Ladipo market. The Service said that by so doing it has saved a number of commercial buildings in Mushin axis of the state from being consumed by fire. Speaking to journalists about the incident, the Director, Lagos State Fire and Rescue Service, Mrs Margaret Adeseye, disclosed that the Agency received distress call at about 0731hrs on Sunday morning from 5, Rowland Street, Olateju, Ladipo Market, Mushin Lagos, that a building was on fire. “Firefighting operations started immediately as two fire stations, Bolade and Ilupeju were mobilised to curtail the spread of the inferno from causing more damage, which led to the prevention of other market buildings from being razed by the fire”, she said. Mrs Adeseye further stated that on arrival at the scene, fire had gutted a one storey circular block of multitude shops used to trade in spare parts. She said: “Firefighting commenced with support from the Federal Fire Service and the Nigerian Police. The operation was concluded at 1350hrs for stocktaking and identification of the cause of fire. Investigations are ongoing.” She added that there was no death or injury, urging residents to always be careful and vigilant to avert fire outbreaks in their environment. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.