SIFAX Group, a group of companies with investment in Maritime, Aviation, Oil & Gas, Haulage & Logistics, Financial Services and Hospitality, has assured the Liberian government of its readiness to partner with the country in order to explore opportunities in its maritime and logistics sector. This assurance was given, on Wednesday, during a facility tour of Ports & Cargo Handling Services Limited (the flagship maritime subsidiary of SIFAX Group) and SIFAX Inland Container Terminal, Ijora Causeway, Lagos, by the management of the National Port Authority of Liberia led by Hon. Bill Twehway, its Managing Director. While welcoming the visitors, Capt. Ibraheem Olugbade, Executive Director, Ports & Cargo Handling Services Limited noted that SIFAX Group is ready to share its wealth of experience in the management of port facilities. “In realisation of our Pan-African dream, we are seeking to expand our operations into various African countries. As a Group, we have a rich pedigree in port terminal management and logistics. “Since the take-over of the Terminal C of the Tin Can Island Port in 2006, we have invested heavily in the acquisition of equipment and skilled human capital. This has resulted in a great improvement in our service delivery. “We also recently acquired over 10 acres of land on which SIFAX ICT is sited at Ijora. Our plan is to make sure vessels berth at the Ijora terminal. This speaks a great deal about our commitment to improving the country’s maritime industry,” Capt. Olugbade said. Bill Twehway, Managing Director, National Port Authority of Liberia expressed satisfaction with the quality of equipment and facilities at the two terminals. In his words, “We are happy with what we have seen here today. We want to grow our ports in Liberia and we have no doubt that SIFAX Group is capable based on the equipment and facilities in the terminal as well as their record of performance. “We will invite the SIFAX Group management to Liberia in order to have a first-hand assessment of our terminal so they can see areas where we can improve and where investments will be made.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Sifax Group to partner Liberia on port development Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Sifax Group to partner Liberia on port development BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.