ONE of the newest domestic airlines, Green Africa Airways has revealed its first routes as it moves closer to the start of flight operations. The airline has just announced plans to commence operations from its Lagos base at the General Aviation Terminal (GAT) with the launch of flight operations to connect seven cities after securing the all-important air operator’s certificate which is in advanced negotiation stages. Green Africa Airways, in a statement released on its Twitter handle, said it will start flying from Lagos to the Nigerian cities of Akure, Ilorin, Abuja, Enugu, Owerri, and Port Harcourt. According to the airline, more destinations will get added as it scales up its operations just as the airline hinted of plans to establish a couple of bases outside Lagos. Commenting on the development, Green Africa Airways CEO, Babawande Afolabi stated: “Starting with our launch route network, we are crafting a network plan that will afford more customers the opportunity to pursue their economic interest or simply spend more time with family and friends.” The airline recently received its first aircraft with the second and third aircraft expected to arrive soon. Facilities and infrastructures are now in place to support commercial, flight, and airport operations, the airline noted. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!