The British flag carrier, British Airways has announced what it called fantastic fares for its Nigerian passengers in its first cabin on the Lagos/Abuja/London route. The fantastic fares which will also be enjoyed by Nigerian travellers flying the BA first cabin into Europe, Canada and the United States begin from $4287. According to the airline’s Regional Commercial Manager, Nigeria and Ghana, Mrs Adetutu Otuyalo: “British Airways First Class is your ticket to exceptional comfort and impeccable service in our most elegant surroundings. It’s the finest way to travel enjoying your own private and spacious suite, a fully flat bed with mattress and duvet, delicious and indulgent dining with exclusive and attentive service access to luxurious lounges and spa treatments”. Otuyalo who said the period for the purchase of the special fares had since commenced, added that the fares which are non-endorsable and for BA only, also  have other terms and conditions applied. While urging passengers to note all entry requirement to their destinations, Otuyalo however said: “the fares exclude taxes, fees and surcharges and are subject to availability”. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!