THREE police personnel were, at the early hours of Friday, killed during an invasion of Umutu Police Divisional Headquarters in Ukwuani Local Government Area of Delta State by some gunmen. The deceased cops were identified as two Constables and an Assistant Superintendent of Police. This came barely 48 hours after a patrol van was attacked and a police officer killed on Otulu-Akwuku-Igbo Road in Oshimili North Local Government Area of the state. Hoodlums, it will also be recalled, two weeks ago, invaded the Police Divisional Headquarters at Nsukwa in Aniocha South Local Government Area of the state, killing three policemen and burning down the station. It was gathered that the Friday attack took place at about 1.30 a.m. as the gunmen killed the three policemen said to be on duty but could not cause further mayhem as they were repelled and had two of them killed in the process. The gunmen reportedly stormed the community from Ndemili axis to wreak havoc on the police station and cause tension in the area. It was gathered that the corpse of the ASP, believed to be a native of Ika North East Local Government Area of the state, was later discovered in the bush within the neighbourhood by his colleagues who were combing the area for missing policemen who were on duty during the attack. The Commissioner of Police, Ali Muhammed Ari, confirmed the incident in a telephone conversation, but he refuted claims that the ASP was killed by the gunmen. According to him, the ASP died of high blood pressure in the hospital where he was conveyed for medical attention after suffering a heart attack. The commissioner, however, disclosed that two of the rampaging bandits also fell to the firepower of his men while others escaped with injuries into the woods. He added that the gunmen succeeded in escaping with the bodies of their men. “Actually, what happened is that at about 1.45 a.m., we got information about an attack on Umutu Police Station which was repelled by our men. “Having put up that gallant fight, we lost two constables who were shot dead while an ASP died of heart attack in the process. He wasn’t shot. “So, we were able to repel the attack. Our men killed two of them but because they came with vehicles, they quickly moved their bodies away. But to the glory of God, the station is safe. No arm was lost,” the commissioner noted. The state police command, in a statement by its imagemaker, DSP Bright Edafe, said operatives were able to repel the attack on the police station. “The armed bandits, who came with the intention of causing mayhem and burning down the station and carting away arms, did not succeed, as they could not penetrate the station; no arm was lost, the station was not burnt, normalcy has been restored. “The Commissioner of Police is assuring members of the public that every measure has been put in place to arrest those responsible for this act, and also urges members of the public to help with useful and timely information,” the statement said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!