About 72 people have sustained various degrees of injuries as a result of a fire outbreak at a filling station in Sharada, Kano Municipal Local Government Area. Information has it that the inferno was a result of an explosion while a tanker was offloading petroleum products at the filling station. The Public Relations Officer of the Federal Fire Service, Kano office, Malam Nura Abdulqadir Maigida, confirmed the incident to pressmen. According to him, a total of 72 people that included eight firefighters, passersby and staff of the filling station were severely burnt. Commenting on the incident, the Kano State Commissioner for Works and Housing, Alhaji Idris Garba Unguwar Rimi, disclosed that some staff of the Kano State Fire Service who were at the filling station to quench the fire were injured and are currently receiving treatment at Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital. Alhaji Unguwar Rimi, however, attributed the accident to negligence as filling stations were prohibited from offloading petroleum products in the afternoon. The emergency and relief team of the Red Cross Society in Kano were sighted rendering first aid and evacuating the victims to the Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital. Speaking earlier, the Public Relations Officer (PRO) for the Kano State Fire Service, Alhaji Saminu Yusif Abdullahi, disclosed that a petroleum tanker with registration number NSR 183 XW carried 6600 litres of petrol was involved. According to him, “There were 56 persons involved and eight fire service staff,” saying the fire outbreak was caused by the offloading of petrol. He further disclosed that “After the fire was put under control by our men, one of the filling station staff ignorantly opened one of the tanker compartments.  As a result, the fire was reignited and an explosion occurred that trapped a total of 64 victims, out of which eight of them are fire service personnel who got burnt by the explosions.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!