Two persons were feared killed and many others injured in the Gberigbe area of Ikorodu in Lagos State when hoodlums clashed with policemen. The clash which reportedly started early Wednesday morning lasted till Thursday as hoodlums exchanged gunshots in the broad daylight after the policemen had left. The Nigerian Tribune gathered that trouble started on Wednesday morning when some policemen from Nigeria Police Force headquarters in Abuja stormed Gberigbe to arrest a suspect identified simply as Lekan Koboko. It was gathered that some hoodlums suspected to be working for Koboko stopped the policemen from arresting their principal and a gun duel ensued between them. Two persons reportedly died while two others including Lekan Koboko sustained serious bullet wounds in the process. A resident of Ggberigbe, Alhaji Monsuru, said: “the policemen from Abuja were acting on a petition from a popular land agent in Ikorodu when the incident happened.” He added that “immediately after the policemen left, some thugs who are working for the land agents took over the whole of Gberigbe. “Surprisingly, loyalists of the injured Koboko mobilized themselves and return to engage the thugs in another round of clash.” He also continued that “the clash has continued from yesterday till now. The police from Area Command, Ijede came and restored normalcy. “The moment they left, the hoodlums returned and engaged one another in a fierce duel and threw different dangerous weapons at each other.” A popular community leader in Ikorodu, Alhaji Kamoru Lamina (AKA Sir K) while speaking on the incident said “I have been receiving calls since yesterday over the incident. “I just returned from the hospital, when people started calling me to report of a clash between some hoodlums and policemen in Gberigbe. “There is no way I would have done anything as it involved police officers. My house is not close to the area. The police should rid Gberigbe of cult members, who escaped from other parts of Ikorodu.” He also added that “the government and the police should find a lasting solution to the problem in Gberigbe before it gets out of hand.” When contacted, the image-maker in charge of the state police command, Muyiwa Adejobi, said that he was yet to be fully briefed on the incident. Adejobi promised to find out and get back to our correspondent but could not do so as to at the time of filing this report. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!