Former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams has advised Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki to be magnanimous in victory following the Supreme Court judgement in the suit filed by Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the APC on the last September governorship election in the state. In a congratulatory letter to Governor Obaseki, the ex-Edo governor reminded Obaseki that as he has consistently told him during their several meetings, their relationship has through the years developed beyond being friends to being brothers of different parents. Oshiomhole wrote that whatever misunderstanding between the duo which led to their falling out and subsequent defection to the PDP was unfortunate. He advised: “Whatever happened is unfortunate and I believe God has a reason for everything. “I have put all behind me and moved on. As I have consistently advised, please be magnanimous in victory. You are the governor of all Edo people regardless of political leanings. Once again, congratulations Excellency.” Meanwhile, Pastor Ize-Iyamu, in a letter to Obaseki, appealed to the governor to consider the pertinent issues of the 14 constituencies that are at present without representation at the state House of Assembly. In the letter which was made available to journalists on Monday in Benin, Ize-Iyamu congratulated Governor Obaseki on his recent victory at the Supreme Court, noting that even though the matter was in court, the governor is in a position to intervene. He wrote: “Though the matter is in court, you are in a vantage position to consider an out-of-court settlement of the issue, in the overall interest of our state.” He pleaded with the governor “to intervene in the issue of elected local government chairmen, vice-chairmen, councillors and supervisory councillors, who some time ago, were suspended and removed from office.” He wrote: “Our appeal is that you consider paying them their entitlements since it is now late for them to return to their offices. This can also be through the out-of-court settlement.” However, unimpressed with Ize-Iyamu pleadings, the Edo State chapter of the PDP faulted the demand by the governorship candidate for an out-of-court settlement in the case of the 14 former members-elect who
refused to take the oath in 2019 following the nighttime inauguration of the House by Governor Obaseki in Benin. In a statement in Benin by the publicity secretary, Mr Chris Nehikhare, the party said that the lawmakers voluntarily abdicated their seats. He reminded that the Federal High Court in Port Harcourt, in a well-considered judgement, declared the actions taken by the Assembly against the 14 as proper. Nehikhare maintained that going by the declaration of the Port Harcourt court, the PDP is constrained to question Pastor Ize-Iyamu’s locus for this request as well as the request made for the former council chairmen and councillors. He said: “The size of our victory in the last governorship election imposes a very special responsibility on us: To be a government of high ideals and hard choices. “After carefully perusing the letter addressed to the governor, we are of the opinion that it would probably have been better and more honourable for Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu to have remained silent. “In our considered opinion, we don’t think Governor Godwin Obaseki should dignify the letter with a response or reply.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.