In furtherance of its vision towards inspiring a generation of equipped leaders committed to social and economic development in Africa, The Future Project has launched the Local Government Performance Report. The report is a tool to empower Nigerians with the necessary information to engage local government administrators and assess their performance in the delivery of public goods and services. With an overall aim to create a culture that emphasises citizens’ rights to demand information on government activities without fear or hesitation, the project is designed to address unmet public expectations at the grassroots created by an absence of open, transparent and accountable government practices. Speaking on the novel initiative, Senior Advisor, The Future Project, Bukonla Adebakin, said the Local Government performance report was a part of the YMonitor accountability project which is aimed at highlighting crucial accountability and governance issues at the state and federal level. “In reality, local government administration is meant to pivot public goods and developmental projects at the grassroots as everyday people may never have the platform to make their demands known to the state governments. However, development has not yet thrived up to public expectations,” she said. “We are confident that with the Local Government Performance Report, this narrative will change and more people will be provided with basic information about how LGAs work, their local government chairmen, the annual budget of the LGAs, allocations, the current projects embarked on by the Local government and other necessary information to demand better governance,” she continued. The Local Government Performance Report initiative will commence from the country’s economic capital, Lagos State, and will be conducted both through an online survey and offline distribution of surveys to sample feedback & opinions. With a track record of championing advocacy for effective local government administration through projects such as advocacy for Local Government Autonomy, organising Local/Grassroots Engagement, & publication of several contents on the importance of local government assessment, The Future Project continues to inspire and equip Africans for sustainable social and economic impact. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.