In view of the rising insecurity in the country, the Ministry of Capital City Development, Ebonyi State, has directed that all loading and offloading of vehicles within the state capital should only take place in approved public and private motor parks. The Commissioner for Capital City Development, Hon. Onyekachi Nwaebonyi, disclosed this in a joint press briefing with State Chairman, National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Chief Anthony Oko Ewa, on Tuesday where he ordered the closedown of all illegal and private motor parks not expressly approved by the government. According to the commissioner, the order is to check the movement of arms and ammunition, as well as criminal elements in and out of the state. This is even as the state government has also put precautionary measures in place to avert further security breaches within the state. Nwebonyi, however, charged motorists and travellers to adhere strictly to the directive as anyone found contravening the order will be treated as a security threat and will be prosecuted accordingly. “Passengers boarding commercial vehicles or alighting from such vehicles at unauthorized places, that is, any place other than the approved public and private parks will be arrested alongside the drivers. “Also, parking of vehicles along Afikpo Road, Ogoja Road, Waterworks Road, Nkaliki Road, and Enugu – Abakaliki – Ogoja Expressway are hereby banned. “Any vehicle parked along the aforementioned roads, whether serviceable or unserviceable will be confiscated by the Ministry of Capital City Development and the owners prosecuted accordingly. “It is important to note that parking of heavy-duty vehicles along the street in the capital city is highly prohibited. No truck, lorry, or any form of articulated vehicle is expected to park along the streets for whatever reason. Any such vehicle found along the road or street will be confiscated and the owner or driver prosecuted. “Government has designated parks for all forms of commercial and industrial vehicles in the state. Tippers and heavy-duty vehicles have their park at Ochudo Centenary City, opposite Margaret Umahi International Market, Abakaliki. There is also a mega park beside Akanu Ibiam Flyover (Spera In Deo), Abakaliki. The ministry in collaboration with the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) is working out modalities to ensure maximum security in the parks. “Residents of the capital city are advised to always cooperate with the government by adhering to the directives of the Ministry of Capital City Development which are aimed at making life easier and more comfortable for them. We also advise residents to always alert the ministry in case of unlawful parking of vehicles on the streets. “These measures are taken in the best interest of the masses. Not only that indiscriminate parking of vehicles along the streets and roads can cause traffic accidents, hoodlums can hide weapons in such vehicles and use them to commit a crime or cause security breaches at odd hours.” Nwebonyi called on Ebonyians to join hands to complement the efforts of Governor David Umahi who “is leaving no stone unturned in making sure that the lives and property of every Ebonyian are secure.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.