The Acting Vice-Chancellor, University of Ibadan(UI), Prof. Adebola Ekanola, expressed sadness and shock over the death of Provost Marshall of the Nigerian Army, Brig. General Olatunji Olayinka, who died alongside with the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. General Ibrahim Attahiru, and other nine officers in the ill-fated military plane crash in Kaduna, last Friday. He said the late 51-year-old Olayinka from Ikorodu, Lagos State, was until the unfortunate incident a MPhil/PhD student in the Department of Peace, Security and Humanitarian Studies of the Faculty of Multidisciplinary Studies of the university. The vice- chancellor, in a statement made available by the Director of Public Communication of the university, Mr. Olatunji Oladejo, described the deceased as a highly cerebral, diligent, disciplined and focused officer and student He said the late army general had in mind the thought of using his knowledge and skills on strategic studies to be acquired in UI to address the security challenges in Nigeria. He said Olayinka’s death was not only a huge loss to his family and the military, the country but also specifucally to UI. He said the university community had decided to fly the National Flag on campus at half-mast for three days beginning from Monday to honour him. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  UI mourns death of PhD student lost in ill-fated plane crash Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  UI mourns death of PhD student lost in ill-fated plane crash BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!