Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission EFCC, Port Harcourt Zonal Office announced the arrested leader of a syndicate suspected to be buying and selling human organs for trafficking to foreigners. The syndicate leader, Ukaeje John Emeka who has aliases; (Dr Phil Mark, Dr Donald Phillip, Dr Wesley David), was arrested on April 16, 2021, at Rumukparali, Ozuoba, Port Harcourt, Rivers State. According to a press release signed by Wilson Uwujaren, Head, Media & Publicity of the EFCC in Port Harcourt Thursday Ukaeje John Emeka was arrested based on established intelligence on his suspicious fraudulent internet dealings. The EFCC said preliminary investigations have shown that the suspect is leading a syndicate of fraudsters falsely presenting themselves as medical doctors, with a human organ bank, particularly kidneys for sale and purchase. Victims of the syndicate include people with renal disease and even healthy people desirous of selling their organs in Nigeria; India; Pakistan; Indonesia and the United Arab Emirate. Items recovered from the suspect include one Nigerian passport; one Republic of Cote d’Ivoire passport, nine ATM cards; one black-coloured HP laptop; one gold-coloured Tecno L9 plus phone; one-gold coloured Samsung Galaxy J8 and one ash- coloured Lexus ES 330 salon car. The Commission is on the trail of other members of the syndicate within and outside Nigeria, the release added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  EFCC arrests leader of syndicate that specialises in human organs’ trafficking in Rivers  ;  EFCC arrests leader of syndicate that specialises in human organs’ trafficking in Rivers  ;  EFCC arrests leader of syndicate that specialises in human organs’ trafficking in Rivers  ;  EFCC arrests leader of syndicate that specialises in human organs’ trafficking in Rivers. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!