HONEYWELL Flour Mills Plc. (HFMP) has announced in its audited results for the year ended March 31, 2021 that it made an all-time high revenue of N109.5 billion, an increase of 36 per cent over N80.4 billion posted in the previous year. This was due to increased production output and more efficient operational capabilities at its factories in Apapa, Sagamu and Ikeja. Given the increase in production activities, challenges with forex and COVID-induced disruptions in global trade which affected the sourcing of raw and packaging materials, cost of sales grew by 41 per cent to N93.9 billion from N66.5 billion in the previous financial year. However, the company’s Operating Profit grew faster than revenue at 39 per cent, from N5.4 billion in FY 2020 to N7.6 billion in FY 2021. This was attributable to improved efficiencies and cost optimisation strategies which saw selling and distribution expenses decrease by eighth per cent to N5.5 billion, while general and administrative expenses only slightly increased by four per cent from N2.4 billion in FY 2020 to N2.5 billion in FY 2021, despite double digit inflation during the period. Consequently, Profit After Tax (PAT) increased by 73 per cent, growing from N650 million in FY 2020 to N1.1 billion in the period under review. Speaking on the Full Year 2021 financial results, Lanre Jaiyeola, Managing Director,  Honeywell Flour Mills, Plc., said in an extremely challenging year caused by unprecedented global disruptions and uncertainties, the company achieved 36 per cent revenue growth and record-breaking success through sheer grit and doggedness of our workforce. “We worked collaboratively towards the execution of our goals; improved production and cost optimisation, guided by a clear strategy and common purpose. We remain committed to ensuring the supply of affordable nutritious food products to Nigerians, and we continue to assure our shareholders of long-term profitable returns from Honeywell Flour Mills Plc,” he said. According to the company, the future of its business would be shaped by a continued investment in innovative product development, advanced technology infrastructure and operational efficiency. This is evidenced by the efficient utilization of its world-class factory in Sagamu,Ogun State which boasts an annual Pasta production capacity of 138,600 Metric Tonnes and contributed over N19 billion to the company’s overall revenue in the 2021 financial year, its second year of operations. The company will continue to improve its product offerings in order to exceed consumers’ expectations, increase market share, and deliver value to shareholders. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.