Some 48 hours after some youths from the northern part of the country were sent back to their states, men of the Ondo State Security Network Agency (Amotekun) on Tuesday evicted another 137 illegal occupants of the state forest reserve. The illegal occupants were said to be apprehended at the Elegbeka forest along Ifon-Owo road while trying to settle down in the area after arriving from an unknown destination. Disclosing to newsmen in Akure, the Commander of the Amotekun in the state, Chief Adetunji Adeleye, said the illegal occupants would be escorted out of the state to where they came from. He said the people were suspected to be a security threat to the state, adding that “we got intel that very many people bombarded forests at Elegbeka–Ifon area in the state. “We moved in to question the majority of them who said they were from the northern part of the country. “We asked for thier mission they were not able to give us a clear cut of what they are here for. “We brought some of them and their sponsors (to Akure) here to the headquarters of Amotekun for proper investigation. “We profiled them and we found out that they were conniving with some persons in Ose to be given space for settlement in the government’s forest reserve which makes them illegal occupants of the forests. “We are sending them back to where they claimed they came from,” Adeleye said. It will be recalled that Governor Rotimi Akeredolu had a few months ago ordered the eviction of illegal occupants of the state government forest reserves who refused to register with the government. The governor’s action followed the gruesome murder of the Olufon of Ifon, Oba Adegoke Adeusi who was shot dead on the Owo-Ifon road last December by some gunmen. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.