Maritime security experts under the aegis of the ‘’Support for West African Maritime Security’’ (SWAIMS), has identified electronic management control, deepening of International Ships and Ports Facility Security ISPS Code compliance and sustenance, security surveillance and deterrence as critical areas of concern. According to a statement signed recently by the General Manager, Corporate & Strategic Communications of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), Mrs. Folaseni Alakija, the group stated this during a courtesy visit to the agency and pledged to partner the Authority to address maritime security and safety within the country’s waters. “The group, affiliated to the European Union, provides support to ECOWAS Countries and Mauritania in the drive to fight against piracy and related crimes in the sub-region offered its technical assistance on the anti-piracy and nautical security services, among others. “The SWAIMS team on a working visit to the Authority’s head office in Marina Lagos, identified electronic management control, deepening of International Ships and Ports Facility Security ISPS Code compliance and sustenance, security surveillance and deterrence as critical areas of concern. The group said it will also provide capacity building on Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as radar surveillance on cyber security. “SWAIMS acting team leader, Dr. Alex Klein and his colleagues were received by the Executive Director Marine and Operations, Hon. Onari Brown, who represented the Acting Managing Director, Mohammed Bello Koko. The SWAIMS delegation affirmed that it is expedient to intimate policy makers of the cost of insecurity in order to take the drive to the next level, stressing that insecurity encourages inflation, high operating costs and impacts negatively on standard of living. The Acting MD in his remarks stated that issues of maritime insecurity had heightened thus the need to tackle it frontally. He urged the SWAIMS team to diligently concentrate on the theme of their operation which he said the Authority identifies with. The acting Managing Director added that information sharing is key to tackling maritime and cyber insecurity in the industry and beyond. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!