Residents of Balogun Agoro area of Osogbo, Osun state capital were at the weekend thrown into a state of confusion following the bloody clash of two rival cults groups that claimed the life of a 35-year-old man believed to be one of them. The ugly development which forced many inhabitants of the area to hurriedly locked themselves inside their various homes, saw many passersby running helter-skelter to prevent themselves from being victims of the clash. The fight which broke out between the two rival groups as a battle of supremacy around 2.30pm of the day, led to the death of the deceased whose blood littered the ground of the area where the incident occurred. Eyewitness account revealed that the cultists engaged themselves in a fierce battle that lasted about 45 minutes before one of the bullets penetrated and mutilated the deceased body. The Public Relations Officer of the Osun Police Command, Mrs Yemisi Opalola, confirmed the incident in a statement in Osogbo. Mrs Opalola gave the deceased’s name as Lekan and that his corpse had been deposited at the Osun State University Teaching Hospital, Osogbo. She however assured members of the public that, in no distant time, the perpetrators of the act would be brought to book as police are now on their trail. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!