THE Registrar/Chief Executive Officer of the Advertising Practitioners’ Council of Nigeria, (APCON), Dr. Lekan Fadolapo, has charged the newly-constituted committees of the Council to come up with  new  ideas and frameworks that would enable the Council improve its regulatory mandates and service delivery. Giving the charge,  in Lagos, while inaugurating  three committees: The Advertising Standards Panel (ASP), The Advertising Code Review Committee, and The Advertising Industry Standard of Practice (AISoP) Committee,  Fadolapo also  tasked  the committees to approach the new assignments  with all sense of responsibility and commitment, so as serve as enablers for the achievement of the council’s success. “I am convinced that the teams we have selected here will approach this assignment with all sense of responsibility and commitment, and serve as enablers for the achievement of the Council’s success. I therefore charge all heads of the Committees to ensure that they leave no stone unturned in carrying out their respective assignments,” he stated. The APCON boss explained that in executing the assignment, the Committees were expected to deliver well on their various tasks and within the scheduled time; since  time was of the essence. He emphasized that the task before the Committees include: identifying peculiar sectoral challenges, suggest immediate and long- term implementation policies, recommend action plans that would galvanize the industry and improve service delivery to the benefit of stakeholders. Fadolapo also mandated the Code Review  Committee and AISoP  to conclude their tasks within three months. He also  announced  the appointment of Mrs. Omowunmi Owodunni, as the new Chairperson of the Advertising Standards Panel (ASP). According to him, Owodunni’s appointment was part of the Council’s efforts at  realigning its operations, and ensuring that  the Statutory Panel, charged with the duty of ensuring that advertisements conform to the prevailing laws of the Federation, as well as the Code of Advertising ethics, deliver on its mandate. With the appointment, Owodunni,  who succeeds Mr. Charles Abraham, becomes the first female to head the apex regulatory body’s statutory committee, the APCON boss added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.