Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers, on Monday evening, stormed a Deeper Life Bible Church in Irese in Akure South Local Government Area of Ondo State and abducted the pastor in charge of the church, Pastor Otamayomi Ogedengbe. The men who came into the church premises with a black Toyota Corolla vehicle, whisked the Pastor away around 8:37 pm, while other members of the church ran away. According to a member of the church, the men entered into the church premises and went straight to the Pastor, who was a retired Director in the ministry of education and took him away. He said the Pastor retired to the church after visiting a primary school around Ondo State library along oyemekun road around 4 pm, on Monday, and headed straight to the church before he was kidnapped. “He was kidnapped inside the church. They came with a black Corolla sports car and he was kidnapped alone.” Also speaking, the wife of the abducted Pastor said she came to the church with her husband for a programme before the gunmen stormed the church and abducted her husband. She said there was no contact or negotiations with the member of the family. Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Tee Leo Ikoro said detectives from the state command are on the trail of the abductors, assuring that the Pastor will be released unhurt. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Gunmen kidnap Pastor inside Church in Ondo Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Gunmen kidnap Pastor inside Church in Ondo BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!