Thousands gathered to bid farewell to the departed son of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Damilare Adeboye, on Tuesday at the Youth Centre at RCCG Redemption Camp. In a recorded message by Pastor Enoch Adeboye that was played at the funeral service, the general overseer said that “he will serve the Lord the more” adding that “the church will move on and the gates of hell cannot prevail against the church.” He added that his son was in heaven because he lived a worthy life serving the Lord faithfully. He admonished his church members to pray for his family and also pray for themselves to make heaven when they depart this world. The funeral service witnessed a large turn out of thousands of RCCG members from all parts of Nigeria. The remains of the late Pastor Adeboye arrrived the venue of the funeral service at about 11: 05 in a black hearse laid in a white casket. Notable dignitaries that attended the funeral service were the Presiding Bishop of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel, Bishop David Oyedepo; the Deputy Governor of Osun State, Benedict Alabi and former governor of Ondo State, Olusegun Mimiko. The RCCG Chaplaincy which the late Dare Adeboye belonged to mounted a guard of honour for him as a major general of the chaplaincy. Bishop Oyedepo said prayers for the family the late Adeboye left behind. The remains of Pastor Damilare Adeboye, who died on Tuesday, May 4, 2021, in his sleep at Eket, was given a private burial after the funeral. The deceased who was the Youth Assistant Regional Pastor in Eket, Akwa Ibom State, is survived by his parents Pastor Enoch and Pastor (Mrs) Folu Adeboye, his siblings, Pastor Adeola Adeboye, Mrs Adebolugbe Adubi and Leke Adeboye; his wife, Mrs Temiloluwa Adeboye and their and three daughters, Tishe, Ireoluwa and Araoluwa. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!