Following the high rate of insecurity in the state, Benue State Government has reinforced the vigilance group so as to compliment the efforts of security agencies. Governor Samuel Ortom stated these while briefing newsmen on the outcome of the expanded stakeholders meeting held at the new banquet hall of the government house on Thursday. Ortom who acknowledged the efforts of security agencies in tackling the insecurity noted that the renewed attacks on the people by armed herdsmen have overstretched the security agencies. Hence, he said that the state government had decided to enforce “the Law to Provide for the Establishment of Community Volunteer Guards (Vigilante).” According to the governor, the law would be constituted from community to local government levels and said that the recruitment process will commence immediately and added that those to be recruited should be within the range of 18 & 50 years and mostly ex-servicemen. “Those to be recruited are ex-servicemen and people from 18-50 years and the people must have a stable income and must have lived in their respective communities for a minimum of six years and they must be people with impeccable characters be loyal. “All the vigilantes must carry weapons that are licensed so that anytime there is external aggressors they must be able to rise up to defend themselves. Ortom said that the state government had been mandated to support the Vigilante with logistics as provided in the law adding that recruitment of the Vigilante should be carried out in the 23 local government areas of the State. Meanwhile, the meeting passed a vote of confidence in the governor following the motion moved by the three socio-cultural associations in the state; Mdzough U Tiv worldwide, Ochetoha, K’Idoma and Omini ‘Igede. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  Benue government reinforces vigilance group  ;  Benue government reinforces vigilance group  ;  Benue government reinforces vigilance group  ;  Benue government reinforces vigilance group. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.