The board of Unilever Nigeria Plc has approved the transfer of its tea business to a new company called New TeaCo. This was disclosed by the organisation in a notice filed to the Nigerian Exchange (NGX) Limited on Friday, May 14, 2021. It was revealed that the approval was given on April 30, 2021, and it means the new firm will handle the tea brands of Unilever Nigeria, including the popular Lipton, going forward. With this development, Unilever Nigeria will transfer its tea production assets and other tangible assets used exclusively in relation to the tea business; distribution rights to tea products in Nigeria and export markets; and locally owned unregistered intellectual property rights to the new company. However, the ownership of the factory at Agbara, Ogun State, would remain with Unilever Nigeria, while for a period of time, Unilever Nigeria will also provide certain intercompany services to the new organisation, according to the disclosure. In the statement signed by the company secretary, Mrs Abidemi Ademola, it was stressed that the transfer of the tea business is still subject to shareholders and regulatory approvals. “On July 23, 2020, following completion of a strategic review, Unilever Plc announced its intention to separate its global tea business, including the retail and food solutions businesses, plantations, T2 and Pukka. Further to the announcement made on February 25, 2021, about Unilever Nigeria Plc’s planned separation of its tea business as part of the global separation, this is to notify the NGX and our esteemed shareholders that on April 30, 2021, Unilever Nigeria Plc’s board of directors approved the steps required to implement the separation of the tea business in Nigeria. “Subject to approval by the company’s shareholders and any regulatory approvals, the Nigeria tea business will be transferred to a newly-incorporated tea company in Nigeria (New TeaCo), held under a newly-incorporated tea holding company to create a dedicated tea group within the Unilever Group (TeaCo Group). “The assets being transferred by Unilever Nigeria Plc to New TeaCo include production assets and other tangible assets used exclusively in relation to the tea business; distribution rights to tea products in Nigeria and export markets; and locally owned unregistered intellectual property rights. “Unilever Nigeria Plc will retain ownership of the site at Agbara. Unilever and Unilever Nigeria Plc will also provide certain intercompany services to the New TeaCo and the TeaCo Group for a transitional period,” the statement read. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.