The Vice-Chancellor Of Kings University, Odeomu, Osun state, Professor Adenike Kuku  at the weekend charged the newly matriculated students of the institution to shun cultism and other ungodly acts that could retard their academic pursuits. The Vice-chancellor who gave the charge at the auditorium hall of the university during the matriculation ceremony said, ” at Kings University, we have zero tolerance for any form of misconduct, and we will not hesitate to sanction erring students.” Professor Kuku thereafter, charged them to make the most of the opportunity afforded them by their parents/ guardians and ensure that they attend classes, shun all forms of deviant behaviours, vices, focus on why they are in the university and be intentional about excelling in their chosen area of interests. Giving the number of the matriculated students as fifty-two (52), the University don explained that, the students were drawn from a list of seventy-four (74) applicants from across the nation. She however stated that, there are thirty-five (35) in the Faculty of Humanities, Management, and Social Sciences, and Seventeen (17) in the Faculty of Science. Twenty-seven (27) males and Twenty five (25) females adding that,the students are enrolled across the 14 accredited programs in the two Faculties. ALSO READ: Police nab four suspects for unlawful possession of firearms, recover pistol in Kogi “I congratulate you once again and also charge you to be zealous in your quest for academic excellence. With the oaths taken today, you are admonished to abide by the rules and regulations of the University, this institution has become a part of your life’s history and we expect you to continue to stay true to your oath.” “Your parents and the University have envisioned lofty dreams for you, so I enjoin you to live those dreams and make your stay at Kings University, a worthy investment. The University parades quality and passionate academic and non-academic staff to support and mentor our students on this journey of self-discovery and excellence. In addition, the University’s Learning Management System had been fully deployed and staff members adequately trained to optimize the use of the system.” “The entire University campus is covered by Wi-Fi, and the classrooms fitted with multimedia projectors consistent with the University’s commitment to Technology Enhanced Learning (TEL). As a University of the future, there is a centre for Entrepreneurship to enhance and train our students on innovative and vocational skills based on their interests in areas like techno preneurship, enterpreneurship, small business entrepreneurship, social entrepreneurship, startups entrepreneurship etc.” “Earlier this year, the University got NUC approval to run four new programmes which include B.Sc Entrepreneurship, pursuant to our goal is to produce competent entrepreneurs to drive Nigeria’s economic development.” “We also have partnerships and collaborations with International Universities and industry leaders for exchange programmes, internship opportunities, and collaborations to deepen the academic and research capability, employability, and entrepreneurship skills of our students.” Also Speaking at the event, the guest lecturer, Dr. Emmanuel Okeleji. Charged students to be technological driven and work towards self independent in their chosen careers. Dr. Emmanuel further advised them to be creative to be able to add values and be productive in their immediate environments. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!