As a result of the continue killing of people, mostly, the security personnel by suspected cultists in the state, the Anambra Government has banned the use of tricycles (Keke) and shuttle buses after 7.00 p.m. The directive was contained in a press statement signed and made available to newsmen by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, on Friday. The statement read in part: “There have recently been cases of cultists and robbers using tricycles, popularly called Keke and shuttle buses to convey cultists and armed robbers to destinations where they fought and killed rival cultists or robbed innocent persons.” According to Chukwulobelu, “in view of the need to improve security in the state and address observed incidents of crimes using tricycles, motorcycles and shuttle buses, the State Government after due consideration, wishes to direct as follows: ALSO READ: Gov Inuwa marks 2nd-anniversary flags off projects in Gombe metropolis “That the earlier ban on the use of motorcycles in greater Onitsha and Awka areas during the day and night, remains in full force. “Any motorcycle found within these areas will be impounded and forfeited; “That the use of motorcycles, tricycles and shuttle buses across the State is now banned between 7pm and 6am daily with effect from Saturday 29th May 2021 and for 1 month in the first instance; “That shuttle buses are henceforth banned from using tinted glasses or curtains while plying on Anambra roads. All other vehicles either with factory fitted tinted glasses or plain glasses must wind down while approaching any security checkpoint to avoid embarrassment; “Henceforth, any community where Keke is used to Rob or commit any crime, the use of Keke will be banned totally in that area and the union exco sanctioned. Same measures will be applied in the case of shuttle bus and motorcycle. “Government hereby directs full mobilisation of community youths and stakeholders across the State to take ownership of security in their immediate environments and assist the Police and other Law enforcement Agents to enforce these directives and quickly restore law and order in our state,” the statement concluded. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!