The Chief Commissioner of Public complaints commission, Barrister Chille Igbawua, has stated that the commission also known as the Nigerian Ombudsman, is totally independent in the course of discharging its duty. Igbawua noted that though the institution is supervised by the National Assembly but not subjected to the control of anybody in the performance of its function. He said this, on Monday, during a press conference organised during his official visit to the Oyo State branch of the institution located at the federal secretariat in Ibadan the Oyo State capital. Igbawua explained that the institution has jurisdiction over Federal Government establishments, state government establishments, local government, all citizens and non-citizens but residents of the country. Speaking on the topic “the mandate of public complaints commission” stated that the event is meant to enlighten the citizens about what the commission entails and its functions. The chief commissioner of the institution explained that the institution is aimed at redressing administrative injustice and bureaucratic injustice. Adding that administrative Justice is done when there is a breach of procedural law. While he added that the agency also intervened in the issue of delay in payment of salary, gratuity in the private sector, and stoppage in payment of pension of a retiree. He, however, declared that in order to make complaints easier for the public, an online case management and complaints tracking system has been established. Speaking, the commissioner, Oyo State Public Complaints Commission, Hon Oyelaran Adekoyejo, also reiterated the institution’s commitment towards listening to complaints by the citizens. He added that the commission is ready to listen and work on complaints made by the citizens, just as he added that the commission will look into the recent issue of custom’s invasion of Bodija and Oja oba markets in Ibadan. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!