Gunmen on Wednesday night abducted an unspecified number of students of the Abia State University, Uturu. It was gathered that the assailants ambushed the students while they were commuting in a bus along the Okigwe-Uturu road before whisking them away into a nearby forest. Abia State Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, who confirmed the incident assured that the state government was collaborating with neighbouring Imo State and other security agents to rescue the students unhurt. The commissioner’s statement reads in part: “Abia State Government is currently monitoring an incident that happened in Okigwe, Imo State, yesterday which led to the suspected abduction of a yet-to-be-determined number of students of the Abia State University, Uturu (ABSU), who apparently ran into a yet-to-be-identified gang of hoodlums operating along the Okigwe-Uturu Road. “Preliminary information available to us indicates that the students were moving in a minivan from Okigwe to Uturu between 7pm – 8pm when they ran into the armed gang who marched them into the nearby forest along with other yet to be identified travellers. “We are working with the government of Imo State and relevant security agencies in both states to ensure the rescue of the abducted students and others.’’ YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.