There are a lot of “bosses” out there, to be sure. But what I struggle to see, in business, politics, and life, are true leaders who bring us together, inspire us to achieve great things, and bring out the best in us. The hard, unforgiving truth is that leadership requires sacrifice. It’s painful, costly, and often thankless. I think it’s time that we as a society reminded ourselves of what leadership is all about. You’re the first to sacrifice and the last to be rewarded First and foremost, it’s important to establish the difference between leadership and ownership. While they’re often grouped, especially in entrepreneurship, they’re starkly different. Ownership implies that there is a right to return on efforts and investment, plain and simple. As an owner or founder, you have a moral right to the fruits of a team’s labor. However, being an owner doesn’t mean you’re a leader. Leadership doesn’t come from a title, cap table, or expectation; it comes from within. Leadership is about doing what it takes to drive a team towards a greater goal, whether it be a social mission or desire to maximize the return for the company. Real leaders put these goals above all else and are the first to sacrifice when times get tough. Of course, this is often easier said than done. I’ve had to do this many times throughout my career. When cash gets low or the organization needed to invest in something for the greater good, my co-founder and I have been the first to forego our salaries to make it happen. The logic behind this is simple: leaders eat last. I wish I could say that there was some hidden benefit that we received by making a short-term sacrifice, but there isn’t. Leaders have to love their company, just as a parent loves a child. If you and your family were trapped on a desert island with limited food, you’d feed your children first without question. The same logic applies to running a company. It may sound trite, but it comes down to a form of agape love. For those that might not be familiar with the term, agape refers to a selfless love that transcends circumstance. It’s a love of the soul, complete in and of itself. There’s no rhyme or reason behind it. It’s simply the wellspring that enables leaders to sacrifice no matter what. Failure belongs to you There’s a strong temptation to place blame on others when things go poorly. Often, this blame is fully justified. People make mistakes, let you down, and occasionally act in bad faith. Good leaders, however, know the difference between blame and accountability. As the steward of the organization, every failure is your failure. The person responsible for the problem must, of course, be held accountable for his or her actions. However, as a leader you cannot place the blame on anyone else; it falls squarely on your shoulders. True leaders don’t have the luxury of blaming others. Instead, they own every failure and work tirelessly to fix problems no matter the source. Success belongs to your team Just as leaders must lay claim to all failures, they must also recognize that success belongs to their team. This may seem counter-intuitive. Indeed, most positions of authority and leadership are, in fact, absurd on the surface. Why would you take the blame for things you didn’t do and credit successes to others? The answer is simple. Leadership, like parenting, is about something larger and more important than tallying wins and losses. It’s about guiding a group of people towards achieving a goal bigger than themselves. Ego has no place at the table. Instead, good leaders serve those they are responsible for, no matter what. Self-promotion and credit-mongering is a sign of weakness, not strength. Leadership as I describe it may seem hard, uncompromising, and unrewarding. And it often is just that. However, like anything of value in this life, it is worth the struggle. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.