The leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has ordered church leaders and Christian organisations across the country to engage in a three-day prayer meeting for God’s intervention over insecurity in the country. Tribune Church News gathered that the Church will hold a national prayer across the country tagged ‘National Days of Soberness/Mourning and Fervent Prayers for God’s Mercy by Christians in Nigeria’ between May 28 and 30. According to an internal memo circulated by the CAN’s National General Secretary, Daramola Bade Joseph, which was also made available to Tribune Church News, the CAN President, Reverend Olasupo Ayokunle, in view of the continuous killings, banditry and a host of other problems in Nigeria, the religious body considered it imperative that the country needed prayers for God’s mercy and intervention in the land. The release reads in part:  “Consequently, all local churches are expected to gather in the evening of each day set aside for the prayers to pray to God in the attitude of mourning or soberness for the bloodshed of many innocent Nigerians, especially Christians. “In the light of these, the following are the suggested prayer points to be followed during the said prayer meetings: that we are sad and pained for the blood of many innocent Nigerians that evil people in our midst had shed or for those kidnapped and abused in various ways; that God should forgive our sins wherever we as a church or Nigerians, especially our leaders had sinned against God. “That the plans of the evil people in our midst to paralyse human, social and economic activities in this nation and throw the nation into chaos would be foiled by the Lord Jesus Christ. “That any religious madness or war that would not allow us to worship God in the way we are convinced to worship Him would be nullified by the Lord. Pray that the church would prevail over all threats to her existence in Nigeria. That the gate of hell will never prevail against the Church in the name of Jesus. “That our leaders would do justice in leadership and show fairness to all ethnic and religious groups in all their actions so as to douse ethnic and religious tensions we have presently. That the law enforcement agents would rise to their responsibilities and provide the necessary security we need in Nigeria. “That every step the terrorists, bandits, kidnappers, gunmen and other wicked people in our midst take henceforth would fail. That unseen hands and army of the Lord would fight them and Nigeria would be at peace. Pray and plant righteousness, Godliness, prosperity, peace and love in our nation.” The body also charged churches to pray for the speedy recovery of the nation from all its losses as well as pray to break the yoke of generational curses that might have been placed on Nigeria and its leadership during the slave trade by the victims. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.