The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide (OYC) on Wednesday raised the alarm over the whereabouts of Catholic priest, Reverend Father Ejike Mbaka. Tribune Online had earlier reported that the priest of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, had been in the news after he asked President Muhammadu Buhari to resign over insecurity in the country. The Presidency swiftly responded to the cleric’s call by stating that the Catholic priest was bellyaching because he was refused a contract by the Buhari-led administration. Ohanaeze Youth Council has now claimed that Fr. Mbaka was missing. In a statement issued by the President-General of OYC, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, he said Mbaka was last seen on Tuesday, adding that every effort to find him had failed. “We have it on good authority that his aides have neither seen nor heard from him since Tuesday. Calls put to his mobile line have also remained unanswered; this has now prompted us to issue this alarm as we would not take it lightly should anything untoward happens to him,” the youth group claimed. “We are giving the Federal Government 48 hours to produce the priest, or else, they should be ready to face Igbo youths. They were dining and wining with him all along and now that he told the truth, they are no longer comfortable with him. Let nothing happen to Fr. Ejike Mbaka. It will not be in anybody’s interest,” the group warned. When Tribune Online reached out to one of the close aides of the Catholic cleric, he declined comments, saying that the situation was still sketchy. “Today is Wednesday’s programme, he is supposed to be here. But if he did not show up today, then it means something is wrong,” a source in the church also said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Ohanaeze Youth Council raises the alarm over Father Mbaka’s whereabouts Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Ohanaeze Youth Council raises the alarm over Father Mbaka’s whereabouts [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.