The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Oyo State Chapter, has urged parents to make the fear of God their watchword while instilling same in their children. Its chairman, Apostle Joshua Akinyemiju, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ibadan during the week. He urged parents to always exhibit the highest standard of personal discipline and model God’s love into their children through words and actions. According to him, it is to increase awareness of the rights of children, their care and education. He noted that the annual Children’s Day is a commemorative date celebrated annually in honour of children. “It is a special day set aside to promote international togetherness, awareness among children worldwide and improve children’s welfare. “The importance of the day is to recognise, honour, celebrate and appreciate our children. “The day presents us an opportunity to raise awareness on issues that are affecting children and help us appreciate that they are the future of societies. “First, a parent is their child’s first teacher and must remain their best teacher throughout life. “The proper role of the parent is to provide encouragement, support and access to activities that will enable the child master key developmental tasks,” he said. Akinyemiju called on the government to guarantee the protection, maintenance and welfare of children while teachers set the tone for them, build a warm environment, mentor and nurture them. ”Community also has a role to play in the growth and development of a child, the community serves as a platform for the child to live a good personal and social life. “Living in a safe and secure community allows a child to learn by himself, mingle with friends, neighbours and have access to a good education,” he said. The CAN chairman stressed that there should be good governance, effective parenting and standardised education to reduce social vices in the society. “Of course, education is the real tool used to develop the individual so that he becomes useful to the society. “Government must therefore, ensure that every child has access to quality and affordable education, parents must give priority to education of their children. “They must provide the necessary guidance and nurture that will shape the future of their children,” he said. Akinyemiju however, advised children to focus on being well educated, stay away from bad habits and companions. Mr Olushola Taiwo, a father, agreed that parents have a great role to play in the lives of their children. “As parents, we are to nurture them morally and educationally. Any child or ward not nurtured properly by parents and guardians will definitely become a problem to the society. “Also, parents must always watch and monitor their children, especially, when it comes to the use of the social media. “Unfortunately, some parents have failed heavily in their role, that is why we have social vices all over. “Train your children to embrace your culture, belief systems, good moral disposition, good education and on the need to be hardworking,” he said. He added that parents’ first responsibility is in raising their children to acquire good morals while the government should  impact patriotism in the lives of its citizens to reduce social vices. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.