Burglars have targeted the official residence of the Chief of Staff (CoS) to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari, around the presidential villa, Abuja. They were said to have attempted to break into the house at about 3am on Monday but were apparently unsuccessful. Gambari confirmed the incident by himself when the Nigerian Tribune made enquiries. According to Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant (Media & Publicity) to the President, who conveyed the CoS’ confirmation, there is nothing to worry about. The presidential aide was however silent on whether any arrest was made given the level of security around the residence. A text message, which Shehu sent  to the Nigerian Tribune read: “The Chief of Staff, Professor Ibrahim Gambari has confirmed that there ‘was a foolish attempt’ to burgle his residence at 3:00am this morning but it turned out to be unsuccessful. “Professor Gambari, whose house is on a street next to the Villa has assured that there is nothing to worry about from the incident.” Earlier, an online newspaper, People’s Gazette, had exclusively reported that armed men suspected to be robbers had raided Gambari’s residence. The report claimed that the robbers also raided the residence of the CoS’ Admin Officer. The report was denied and dismissed as fake news by Bashir Ahmad, Personal Assistant on New Media to President Buhari.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!