At least three houses have been razed down in Ogriagbene community of Bomadi council area of Delta State on Friday following a land dispute between two family members. Tribune Online reports that a man who is also the community’s youth leader was allegedly stabbed in the chest region while his son was seriously wounded in a fight between them and another family member over a parcel of land. The victim is believed to be a younger brother to the senator representing Delta south at the red chamber at the national assembly, Senator James Manager. The state police public relations officer, DSP Bright Edafe who confirmed the report could not state categorically how many houses were burnt before police intervened or the number of persons arrested. He said the police had brought the situation under control even as the investigation has been intensified. The report said the man who was stabbed died on the way to a hospital in Bomadi town, a situation that caused the temper of youths in the family to rise that led to the burning of the assailant’s building. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Youth leader stabbed to death over land dispute in Delta  ;  Youth leader stabbed to death over land dispute in Delta. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Youth leader stabbed to death over land dispute in Delta  ;  Youth leader stabbed to death over land dispute in Delta.  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!