Omo N’Oba N’Edo  Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba of Benin, Ewuare II,  and the Emir of Kano, His Royal Highness, Aminu Ado-Bayero, on Saturday, strengthened the aged-long cultural ties between the two ancient dynasties, when the Emir of Kano visited the Benin palace and was treated to a royal reception. The Omo N’Oba, while speaking at his palace, said the Emir’s visit to his palace had marked the opening of new vistas of possibilities and clearly buttressed the age-long traditions of their forefathers. Oba Ewuare II added that his decision to visit Kano Emirate in early 2020 on his thank-you tour, was in demonstration of the mutual respect and love that existed between the Emirate, the royal household of Kano and the royal household of Benin. He, therefore, expressed gladness that the Kano monarch decided to reciprocate the gesture with his visit, noting that such would ensure the continuation of the tradition of respect and conviviality between the Kano Emirate and the Benin Kingdom. Speaking earlier at the Benin airport, the Emir of Kano said that his visit to the Benin monarch was to strengthen the peaceful coexistence that had existed between the Kano Emirate and the people of the great Benin Kingdom. The Emir who arrived at the Benin airport at 3:59pm in a private jet with registration number 5N-AAK, said he had been to the Benin Kingdom before and that he would always be glad to visit it again. “We have been here before, and coming back here, I am here to extend my respect and my appreciation from Kano Emirate to the Benin Kingdom and the rest of the people of Edo State. “Me coming here is like me coming home and I am happy being here and I will be happy being here again. “I will always be here for a reason, that is unity, and for the coexistence of this country”, he said. HRH, Ado-Bayero who described the Benin monarch as his elder brother, prayed for peace and stability in Edo State. “My wish has always been goodwill to Edo people and for Nigeria at large and I pray, whatever he (Ewuare II) puts his hand, he will succeed. I pray peace and stability will be paramount here. And I pray,  my big brother, the Oba of Benin, and my other brother, the governor, and all the rest of the leaders, I pray that they will succeed in all their endeavours, I pray peace will continue to reign in Nigeria”, Ado-Bayero prayed. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.