Director-General of the forum of governors in the All Progressives Congress (APC), Salihu Lukman, has endorsed the resolution of the governors on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) asking for the restructuring of the federation. The resolution on power devolution to the federating states formed part of the communique of the governors of the main opposition party who met in Ibadan, Oyo State capital at the weekend. Reacting to their stance, Lukman who said: “There is nothing new in the resolutions,” advised them to initiate a discussion with the federal lawmakers to push their position which he noted was “no longer a partisan matter but an issue of national imperative.” “Already, Progressive Governors, in line with recommendations contained in the APC Committee on True Federalism, has taken a position on this matter and have since communicated it to the leadership of the National Assembly. “Therefore, instead of playing politics on a matter that is beyond media campaign, PDP Governors should follow the footsteps of Progressive Governors by engaging the leadership of the National Assembly to speed up processes of Constitutional amendment.” The Director-General of the Progressive Governors Forum, however, faulted the call by the PDP Governors asking President Muhammadu Buhari to initiate an Executive Bill. Lukman accused the erstwhile ruling party of lack of initiative to push for the same Executive Bill for the sixteen years it was in the saddle as the ruling party. “The major outstanding political issue at this point is the inability of opposition parties in the country, including the PDP, to categorically declare their position, especially in terms of issues of implementation. Having mismanaged opportunities to initiate all the recommendations being proposed by the PDP Governors between 1999 and 2015, how can anybody in PDP claim any moral standing to demand any executive bill? If the issue is as simple as getting the President to transmit an executive bill, what stops all the PDP Presidents from initiating it for sixteen years. “At this point, it is important to appeal to PDP Governors to again follow the footsteps of Progressive Governors by working to reform the PDP. If PDP Governors want Nigerians to take them seriously it must be based on a very honest disposition of acknowledging challenges faced by all our political parties. Nigerians want to be able to have choices in terms of what political parties represent beyond the claims of politicians. As things are, PDP is a dissolute representation of an alternative for Nigerians. “With all the smearing campaign going on, APC government has been able to do a lot in terms of facilitating devolution of powers from the Federal Government to the states. In line with recommendations of the APC Committee on True Federalism, many APC representatives in the two chambers of the National Assembly have sponsored bills for relevant amendments to our laws. PDP Governors, in the spirit of the resolutions adopted in their Ibadan meeting, should call on their representatives to support the passage of the bills. “Beyond issues of proposed bills in the National Assembly, it is to the credit of the APC under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari that issues of autonomy for states’ assemblies and the judiciary as provided in the 1999 Nigerian Constitution as amended are given full effect through Executive Order 10. What are the PDP Governors doing in their states to comply? These are issues that were completely ignored by the PDP throughout their tenure between 1999 and 2015. “While welcoming the decisions of the PDP Governors to support the need to devolve powers to states, it is important that they go beyond the cheap politics of reducing it to a campaign against the APC. If PDP Governors are to be taken seriously in terms of their commitment, it must be based on a stronger commitment to reform the PDP!” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers.Restructuring: Engage NASS for constitutional amendment, Lukman tells PDP governors Restructuring: Engage NASS for constitutional amendment, Lukman tells PDP governors BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!