A week after its office in Ahiazu Mbaise Local Government Area of the state was vandalised, arsonists have again set ablaze the office of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Njaba Local Government Area in the South-East state. Barrister Festus Okoye, National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. Okoye further revealed that the Sunday attack was the eighth INEC office to be attacked in Imo State since the 2019 general elections. The statement said: “Although no life was lost, the building was substantially burnt down, along with electoral materials, office equipment and furniture.” Sunday wreckage of its Njaba local government office had since increased the attacks on INEC offices across the country to 42. The Commission restated its concern that the ongoing vandalisation of its offices constitute a threat to the conduct of the next general elections. “INEC buildings, infrastructure and equipment are critical national assets that guarantee the continuity of electoral activities throughout the federation. “Attacking these offices is not in the national interest and has the capacity of compromising electoral activities and the credibility of the democratic process.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother…Arsonists set another INEC office ablaze in Imo  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.