The fiery Catholic Priest, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, who was allegedly declared missing on Wednesday, suddenly reappeared few hours after his supporters embarked on protests across the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the priest arrived at the Catholic Bishop’s Residence in a motorcade amidst jubilation from his Adoration faithful around 2.45 pm. He, however, stopped in front of the Bishop’s Court and addressed his supporters urging them to remain calm and return to the Adoration ground for further information. NAN reports that irate youths on Wednesday vandalised the official residence of the Catholic Bishop of Enugu Diocese, Most Rev. Callistus Onaga, in protest of the alleged arrest of Mbaka. NAN reports that the irate youths suspected to be members of the Adoration Ministry and numbering over 1,000 stormed the residence of the Bishop located at Igboeze Street, Independence Layout. The protesters accused the bishop of masterminding the alleged arrest of the priest by unidentified security personnel. Some of the protesters told NAN that Mbaka was allegedly arrested over his recent comments against the presidency. Mbaka is the founder and director of the popular Adoration Ministries, Enugu and Parish Priest, St. Mary’s Catholic Church, Emene. NAN YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Fr. Mbaka reappears  Fr. Mbaka reappears Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Fr. Mbaka reappears  Fr. Mbaka reappears BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.