Chairman, Lagos State Internal Revenue Service (LIRS), Mr Ayodele Zubair has told a delegation from the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) and Federal Ministry of Finance Budget and National Planning (FMFBNP) that the service grossed NGN418 billion in tax revenues in 2020 despite the COVID-19 pandemic impacts. The delegation was in Lagos as part of NGF’s determination to improve Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in states by fostering peer leaning. According to a statement from Communications Specialist, States Fiscal Transparency Accountability and Sustainability (SFTAS) Programme-for-Results in the Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget and National Planning (FMFBNP), Ibrahim Mohammed, the initiative was to improve revenue generation in the states. STEFAS is a World Bank funded project. As a pilot, six states of Gombe, Delta, Nasarawa, Ebonyi, Sokoto and Ekiti State representing each of the geopolitical zones were selected to take part in an IGR Exchange visit to LIRS, the Ministry of Finance, Land Bureau, Geographical Information System and other revenue generating agencies of the state. The theme of the 3-day visit was “Exploiting New Growth Areas for Revenue Mobilisation”. At least four officers including revenue officers, tax audit officers, state GIS and land administration officers from each of the participating states benefitted from the visit. Learning outcomes included hands-on experience of tax administrative processes, procedures, adoption of innovative technology, inter-agency collaboration and more importantly, taxpayer relationship management which participants experienced during their visit to two LIRS field stations in Alausa and Ikeja. Zubair said although, much of the progress was attributed to data-driven tax administration and technology adoption; the purpose driven institutional arrangements, human resourcing, social contract strengthening and the political will of the governor of Lagos State were no doubt major growth factors as well. Senior Programme Manager of the NGF Help Desk and SFTAS Technical Assistance Programme, Mr. Olanrewaju Ajogbasile, who led the states on the visit expressed confidence in the participants, likening them to change agents who will drive the adaptation of specific reforms considered innovative and complimentary to their current tax operations in their respective States. He expressed gratitude and commendation to the Lagos State government which continue to serve as a center for excellence on tax administration in the country. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.