Operatives of the Delta State Police Command have arrested two fake soldiers including a woman in Delta. Ag. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Bright Edafe, in a statement, made available to journalists, on Friday said suspected cultists and murderers were also arrested and several arms and ammunition recovered. “On the 5/5/2021 at about 1300hrs, we received an information that a woman Jemilia Suleman ‘f’ age 48yrs, a native of Plateau State with one Monagor Charles ‘m’ age 61yrs of Ndokwa East L.G Area Delta State were found wearing military uniforms and lodged in Beji Court Hotel Bendel Estate Off Airport road Effurun. “The DPO Ogborikoko Division, CSP Martha Ikong, detailed and led Surveillance operative in conjunction with military personnel to the hotel and arrested the suspects. “Items recovered from them includes 10 pairs of military camouflage uniforms, six T-shirt, jungle caps, one T-shirt and one singlet. “All of the military camouflage uniform. The lady suspect confessed that she bought the said uniform in the market and used it to earn a living. An investigation is ongoing,” He noted. ALSO READ: Corruption is responsible for all negative indexes Nigeria is known for ― ICPC chairman DSP Edafe also said, “on the 30/4/2021 at about 0430hrs, we received information from an Elu vigilante member that one Etor Lucky ‘m’ 20yrs of Elu and two other members of Viking confraternity were disrupting social wake keep and harassing invited guest in Elu community. “The Divisional police officer Ozoro division mobilised police patrol team to the scene and arrested the said Etor Lucky and recovered a cut-to-size locally-made single barrel gun. An investigation is ongoing,” he stated. According to Edafe, “on the 3/5/2021 at about 1430hrs, information was received from a distressed caller that a good Samaritan reported that one Efe Lucky and Ramson Akpojibu both ‘m’ of Ughoton community Okpe LGA brought a patient, Christain ‘m’ Surname unknown, to Moving Star Clinic Warri, as soon he was certified dead. “The duo with bloodstains on their clothes were about to abscond. The DPO Orerokpe Division deployed a detective to the clinic, a corpse was viewed and signs of violence were seen on the body of the deceased. The corpse was photographed and deposited at Orerokpe General Hospital mortuary. “The police arrested the two suspects Efe Lucky ‘m’ and Ramson Akpojibu ‘m’, and at the premises, the suspects were searched, blood-stained cutlass, hammer and blood-soaked towel were recovered. “They confessed that they were five in number that beat up the deceased to death over allegation of stealing their three thousand naira (N3,000.00) and phones. “Effort is on to arrest the three other suspects. The Commissioner of Police Delta State has ordered that the case be transferred to state criminal investigation department for further investigation.” In another related development, “on the 5/5/2021 at about 0405hrs, a distressed call was received from an indigene of Ijomi village that in his compound at the above village, his dogs started barking signifying the presence of danger within the compound that he came out to inspect what was happening when he saw two armed boys. “The DPO Oghara division deployed patrol team to the scene, the suspects on sighting the police, took to their heels, the suspects ran into the nearby bush which was later combed by a combined team of police and vigilante teams where one Ugbaudu Williams ‘m’ 31yrs a.k.a Beleke a notorious criminal was found fatally shot on his right hand and was seriously bleeding, he confessed that he was shot by one Desmond his partner in crime. “He was taken to his house for a search where another locally made barrel gun was recovered with two live cartridges, one expanded cartridge was recovered. “He was rushed to the General hospital Oghara for treatment where he gave up a ghost while receiving treatment. Manhunt for the fleeing suspect is ongoing.” Meanwhile, “a patrol team from Okpanam division while on stop and search behind three upstairs Okpana, a Bajaj (Boxer) motorcycle with Reg. No. AKM 705 VM conveying three persons was intercepted, the rider escaped, while the other two accomplices one Friday Worfer, Sunday Panwal and Emmanuel David all ‘m’ of Ogbe-Obi Quarters Okpanam was arrested. “When a search was conducted on them, one locally-made pistol and one cartridge were recovered from the suspects, the are suspected to be among the syndicate who rob in Asaba and Okpanam axis mostly at night. An investigation is ongoing to arrest the other fleeing suspect.” NIGERIAN TRIBUNE  Police arrest fake soldiers, suspected cultists, armed robbers in Delta BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.