There is tension in Iseyin town in Oyo State as men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) are fingered to have shot dead three persons while one other person has his life hanging in the balance from gunshot wounds. In the incident which occurred on Thursday, men of the customs had allegedly opened fire after some residents of Iseyin mobilised to protest the Customs seizure of a vehicle suspected to be conveying smuggled goods. On sighting the aggrieved people approaching its base, men of the Customs Service were said to have shot sporadically. After the killing, a resident in Iseyin stated that another set of aggrieved people mobilised to burn down the Customs base as well as three patrol vehicles. When contacted on phone, the Public Relation Officers of the Oyo/Osun Area Command of NCS, Kayode Wey said that he does not have information about the incident. He added that he was not sure if the said Customs officers are men of the Oyo/Osun Area Command but promised to get back to as soon as he gets information about the incident.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!