The Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Major General Faruk Yahaya on Monday formally met with the senior Army leadership in Abuja during which he unveiled his vision and mission for the Nigerian Army with a call for their support in restoring normalcy to the country. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by the Directior, Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Mohammed Yerima. According to the statement, COAS pointed out that his appointment came at a time when the Nigerian Army lost its former COAS Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru who died in a plane crash alongside 10 other officers. He described the late COAS as a big brother, a brilliant officer and a mentor as well as a guardian who has shown exemplary leadership in his brief stay in office. He assured of his desire to continue on the good footprints of the deceased General. According to the statement, “the Army boss said his vision is channelled towards defeating all security challenges presently confronting the Nigerian nation in collaboration with sister services and other security agencies. “On his mission, the COAS said he will command the NA to win all land battles in defence of the territorial integrity of Nigeria, protect her national interests and accomplish assigned tasks in aid of civil authority among other responsibilities.” The COAS pledged the unalloyed commitment and loyalty of the Nigerian Army to the President Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Muhammadu Buihari while assuring all officers and men of exemplary and professional leadership that would serve as a rallying point for all. “The NA under my command will discharge its duties with diligence, commitment and loyalty to the President Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Nigeria, President Mohammadu Buhari,’’ he said. In attendance were Principal Staff Officers, Corps Commanders, General Officers Commanding, Operational Commanders, Directors and Heads of various NA Establishments.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.