Federal Government has been advised to seek support from advanced nations of the world to put end to kidnapping, banditry and killings, which are happening and taking a destructive path in the country. The advice was given by Archbishop Israel Afolabi Amoo of Anglican Church, Kwara Province in his charge to the third session of the fourth synod of the Diocese of New Bussa, Niger State, at the weekend. Querying the essence of security votes for both the Federal and State Governments, the prelate asserted: “It is unacceptable to Nigerians for government to be claiming that insecurity is a global phenomenon because the primary duty of every responsible government is to ensure the security of lives and properties. “Why would a nation’s security apparatus continue to defend failure by reporting: ‘Government is on top of the situation’ without noticeable positive changes. “As peace-loving people, we call on Federal Government to do all in her power to save Nigerians from the menace of kidnappers, bandits and killers. Let the security forces review their strategies and seek help from advanced nations of the world.” The Archbishop expressed concern over the rising cases of suicide among the citizens, affirming that those committing suicide do so when all hopes are lost when there is no help and life appear not worth living. He praised the quick intervention of the presidency on the controversy over the establishment of a rural grazing area (RUGA), a Fulani herdsmen settlement across Nigeria that could have set the nation on fire. He called on President Muhammadu Buhari to cancel all laws and arrangements that will make his government sectional, favouring a group to the detriment of others. The synod, which was on the theme: “Take Up Thy Cross and Follow Me” (Matthew 16:24), reviewed the Church’s efforts in healthcare, charity, children, youth and women ministries as well as the church’s investment in education and human capital development with strategic steps taken to establish Anglican University of Technology, Kwaita, Abuja. Amoo, who is equally the Bishop of New Bussa, prayed for the country that God should make wars and hatred to cease, heal the nation and restore her glory. He also called on God to fill the hearts of the country’s leaders with His fears, support the weak and vulnerable. “God has given us the right to make decisions and choices. That’s why we must ‘Take Up Our Cross and Follow Him’. We must embrace a lifestyle that accords with discipleship because we have an enormous responsibility for accountability,” he asserted. The prelate urged leaders at different levels to examine themselves and emulate Jesus Christ, who came and lived as servant-leader. He encouraged everyone to serve others with humility, empathize with them, support them sacrificially to grow while seeking to glorify the Master. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.