THE LIVINGSTONE Magistrates Court in Zambia has jailed a man of Lusaka who vented the anger of his unfaithful girlfriend on a Zesco vehicle. After driving all the whole night to Livingstone ,hoping for a blissful time with his lover, Gilbert Lungu of house Number 34, Mpulungu road, Olympia Park, was disappointed to find a Zesco electrical technician, Patrick Maswikemi had been working on Susan Chewe the whole night. On the fateful day, Lungu arrived at Susan’s house in Kazungula Area around 6:00 am and knocked, hoping to see her open the door in her night dress. Gilbert however got the shock of his life when a shirtless and exhausted-looking Patrick clad only in a boxer opened the door to Susan’s house. Unable to stomach the fact that Patrick had taken his place in Susan’s bed while he fought off sleep to arrive in Livingston alive, Gilbert attacked his rival. Too tired from the previous night activities, Patrick instead took to his heels leaving behind a Toyota Hilux, a company vehicle he had arrived with the previous evening. Gilbert then turned his anger to the parked vehicle damaging two of its lamps, radiator, two mirrors bonnet, fuel tank, wind shield and door. The matter was reported to the police who investigated the matter and found  Gilbert wanting. In court, the magistrate, Ireen Wishimanga found  Gilbert guilty of causing damage worth K23,000 to the Zesco vehicle. Wishimanga said she consideredGilbert’s mitigation and that he was a first offender. “I hereby sentence you to 18 months imprisonment with hard labour. “You are also ordered to ensure that the vehicle is repaired forthwith,” Wishimanga ruled. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…Nigeria records 63 new COVID-19 infections, total now 166,254 BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!