THE Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC) has said that it now receives over 8,000 complaints, regarding consumer rights violations, from Nigerians on a weekly basis, as against the average of 700, it used to get few years ago. The Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive of the Commission, Mr. Babatunde Irukera, disclosed this,  while fielding questions on a television morning show programme, recently. The FCCPC’s boss stated that though that was  a positive development, considering where the agency was coming,  when it could only garner  an average of  700 complaints on a  weekly basis, there was, however, room for improvement, as far at the agency was concerned. Irukera  added that for the war against consumer rigjts infraction to be successfully fought and won, it had become very imperative for every stakeholder , especially the consumers,  themselves, to be actively involved. According to him, one of the steps to be taken towards ensuring  that the Nigerian consumers were not taken for granted, was for such consumers to always  ‘demand and insist’ for, and on their rights. This, he argued, had become necessary since many companies, in this part of the globe, never factored consumer resolution system into their operations. “I think the Nigerian consumers are getting more involved by the day, as evidenced by the figure at our disposal. For instance, we now have over 8,000 complaints on a weekly basis, as against about 700,  we used to receive when I first resumed at the agency, few years ago. “While I believe there is room for improvement, I however believe that the best way for consumers not to allow their rights trampled on, is to ensure that they are actively involved. They should always demand and insist. They should demand  for their rights, and if they realize the manufacturers are not ready to give such rights, they should always insist. “This has become imperative because many companies in this country, including the multi-nationals do not even have complaints resolution system,” he stated. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.