Security agencies in Kaduna State have reported that armed bandits attacked Ungwan Gaida community, near Kurmin Kaso, Chikun LGA, killing 8 locals, razed buildings including a church. This was contained in a statement issued by the commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan on Wednesday. The statement gave the names of those killed as Samaila Gajere, Bawa Gajere, Bitrus Baba, Umaru Baba, Solomon Samaila, Sambo Kasuwa, Samuila Kasuwa and Gideon Bitrus. “A building belonging to the Assemblies of God Church was razed by the bandits, along with several houses.” In another development, Nigerian Navy troops stationed in the Kujama general area neutralized three bandits and arrested two accomplices after repelling an attack on Wakwodna community, near Kasso village, Chikun local government area. According to operational feedback to the Kaduna State Government, the troops stationed at the Kujama Bandits kill 8, burnt Assemblies of God church in Kaduna Checkpoint responded to reports of an attack on Wakwodna village, and swiftly deployed for intervention. The bandits fled into surrounding bushes on sighting the troops and abandoned some rustled cattle, which were rounded up and returned to their rightful owners. The troops engaged the bandits just before Kaso village, and in the gunfight, three bandits were neutralized. Two locals who were injured in the exchange were evacuated for medical attention. During the operation, the troops arrested a suspected bandits informant, Kapido Halilu, and a logistics supplier, Umar Maipashi. Food and medical supplies meant for the bandits were confiscated. The suspects were taken into custody for further investigation. Governor Nasir El-Rufai noted the report of the attack on Ungwan Gaida with sadness, and condoled the families of the slain citizens, as he offered prayers for the repose of their souls. The Governor further condemned the attack on the place of worship and directed the State Emergency Management Agency to carry out an urgent assessment of the damage in the area for intervention. Governor el-Rufai commended the Nigerian Navy troops for their swift response in Wakwodna, and the successful operations. He wished the injured citizens a quick recovery. In a related development, the Security agencies have reported that armed bandits attacked a herders settlement in Marraban Jos, Rigachikun, Igabi local government area. According to the report, the bandits invaded the settlement and rustled an unspecified number of cows. In the course of this, three of the herders were killed by the armed bandits. The deceased are identified as Ibrahim Abubakar, Abdullahi Maitashi and Umar Abbas. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Bandits kill 8  Bandits kill 8 Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Bandits kill 8 Bandits kill 8 BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!