The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ebonyi State has said that education, healthcare and other social welfare sectors will be prioritised by the government in no distant future. PDP Ebonyi State Chapter through its spokesperson, Barr. Silas Onu, disclosed this on Thursday while felicitating children as they mark the 2021 Children’s Day. Onu, who noted that children represent greater tomorrow, prayed to God to keep all children safe and healthy to see that leadership can be productive and have direct bearing on the lives of individuals. Onu, then charged them never to lose hope for a better tomorrow even as he urged them to focus on education as a key to unlocking their great potentials. His words: “The People’s Democratic Party Ebonyi State Chapter felicitate our esteemed children who represent a greater tomorrow for us. We wish all of our children a lovely, peaceful and memorable Children’s Day celebration.”  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!