As Nigerians join the rest of the world to mark the 2021 Eid-el Fitri, which signifies the end of Ramadan fasting, the National Orientation Agency (NOA) has urged Nigerians to continue praying for peace, security and economic stability of the country. In a Salah message, the Director General of NOA, Dr. Garba Abari urged the Muslim Ummah to hold unto the lessons of selflessness, discipline and piety from the just concluded month of Ramadan to strengthen their faith as well as pray for peace, security and economic stability of our dear nation. Abari also called on the Ummah to keep praying for our security personnel and the present administration in its effort to bring about the desired changes in the nation. He charged all Nigerians to remain law abiding and embrace the spirit of kindness, tolerance and self-discipline as taught by the holy prophet Mohammed for peaceful coexistence among all Nigerians, irrespective of religious, ethnic and political affiliations. While wishing the Muslim Ummah a happy and peaceful celebration, the NOA Director General urged them to keep safe from COVID-19 through strict adherence to preventive protocols during the Salah celebration. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… | Eid-El-Fitri: Pray for peace, security, economic stability, NOA urges Muslims | Eid-El-Fitri: Pray for peace, security, economic stability, NOA urges Muslims   BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!