A MAN of Lusaka, has been dragged to the Matero Local Court in Zambia by his wife, who complained that his performance in bed was low. According to Zambia Observer, Clara Kimbili, 32, in her testimony, told the Matero Local Court in Lusaka that Emison Njobvu, aged 47, inherited her from his late younger brother in 2008 and that  all was well until he became diabetic in 2012. The two have three children including two left by her late husband. According to Clara, the diabetes robbed Emison of his bedroom prowess much to his frustration. She explained that despite visiting several hospitals to have Emison restored, his libido was still low. Clara said her husband’s condition made him paranoid and was always accusing her of having extramarital affairs. And for her punishment, Emison would unleash Floyd Mayweather-kind of hooks and uppercuts on Clara. She presented her mouth of missing teeth to the court as the evidence of her unmatched boxing bouts with Emison. Clara said at one point, Emison even went as far as posting her picture on social media accompanied by a threatening caption that he would insert a knife in her private parts to stop her from sleeping around. The mother of three cried to the court to dissolve their marriage because Emison had also neglected the two children she had with his late brother despite selling the estate which included two plots and one house left behind by her late husband. She said Emison also misused his late brother’s insurance money. Clara said Emison and his family were now threatening to evict her from her house and wanted the court to rescue her. Emison told the court that Clara became disrespectful after he couldn’t perform well in bed as a result of diabetes. Emison said he became suspicious of his wife when he overheard one of her phone conversations with another man. He denied accusations that he had misused his brother’s money. “My brother left a plot of land which I later sold and used the proceeds from it to build a house.  It is not true that I have neglected the children. I have been supporting the children with school fees and other requirements,” he said. Emison told the court that it was better for the court to dissolve their marriage because they have multiple problems. In passing judgment, Magistrate Kaputo Ng’andwe granted the couple divorce on grounds that their marriage has broken down irretrievably. The court ordered Emison to be providing monthly child support of K500 for the three children.   YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!