A cleric, Pastor Emmanuel Abisoye,  has urged parents to take full responsibility for their children, noting that children are God’s heritage. Pastor Abisoye, who is the the Senior Pastor of the Christ Apostolic Church Oke-Ife, Agbowo, Ibadan, Oyo State, stated this at a special programme for the children of the church, as part of the activities marking the Children’s Day across the country. He reminded parents of the essentialities of having to raise godly children, because in return, raising godly children would help in building a good society. Also speaking at the service, children pastor of the church,  Pastor Samuel Ogungbemi, charged parents and guardians to train their children, reiterating the kind of love that exists towards children – God’s love to children,  mothers’ love to children, fathers’ love to children and the Church’s love for children. According to his sermon, which centred on ‘parental training’, Ogungbemi urged parents to train their children, stressing that spiritual, academic and morals are three basic trainings to give a child. He also admonished parents not to forget the place of moral teachings and cultural training, adding that “we should train and teach our children to be good ambassadors of their families, immediate environment and the country at large.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.