The Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) has said Nigeria is drifting and that the Federal Government should live up to its responsibility by protecting the lives and property of Nigerians. This was contained in a statement issued by the Secretary-General of the religious body, Dr Khalid Abubakar on Sunday. It also urged the Muslim Ummah to pray for the overturn of the hardship facing Nigerians especially during the last ten days of the Ramadan fast. Also, it called on the wealthy Muslims to assist the needy as well as the poor who were adversely hit by the economic crunch. The statement titled ‘The last ten days of Ramadan-1442AH and the need for sober reflection in Nigeria,’ said: “Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) under the leadership of His Eminence, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General, uses this medium, to implore Nigerian Muslims to fervently engage in supplications and be more dedicated to the worship of Allah (SWT), amidst the daunting challenges and many uncertainties bedevilling the Nigerian state. “More importantly, we should pray for an end of the myriad security imbroglio in Nigeria and watch out for the Laylatul Qadr (the Night of Power) which often comes up in one of the five exceptional nights, according to authentic Ahadith of Prophet Muhammad (SAW). “We again reiterate that Muslims should intensify their generosities in giving alms to the poor, the needy and the orphans in the society, especially now that many families are finding it very unbearable, as a result of biting economic challenges bedevilling the country. “We must nonetheless pray also for the economic overturn and restoration of security, in Nigeria. “Government should, however, be more alive to the primary responsibility of its existence – i.e. safeguarding lives and property. “In the same vein, Muslims are, reminded of the Zakatul Fitr (Ordained Alms Giving at the end of Ramadan Fast), which is supposed to be given out to the needy in the last three days of Ramadan or in the early hours of the first day of Shawwal i.e the ‘Eid-el-Fitr day, before the commencement of the ‘Eid prayer. “Nonetheless, we again call on the Muslim faithful to intensify prayers for the Ummah against all manners of misfortunes, relief and succour for the myriads of economic and security challenges hampering on the nation. Nevertheless, come what may, we must pray for absolute faith in Allah! “Whilst wishing all Muslim faithful Allah’s pardon in these sacred days and beyond, we pray fervently for His benevolent acceptance of our Ramadan Fast, even as we urge all Muslims never to return to abominable acts after Ramadan, as the Lord of Ramadan remains the Lord of the Worlds and He takes account of all our actions.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.