WILL Nigeria survive? For how long will the train of bloodletting continue to trundle on? Does the Federal Government really understand the dire situation the country is in? Will President Muhammadu Buhari and the Federal Executive Council (FEC) rouse themselves from their apparent slumber and move to arrest the situation before it deteriorates any further? These and similar questions are what beleaguered and increasingly desperate Nigerians from across different walks of life, in various parts of the country, and across various traditional and social media platforms, are asking themselves and, crucially, their rulers. Unfortunately, their clamour has been met with callous indifference by the Federal Government, leading many to conclude, justly, that the Buhari administration has run out of ideas and lacks the capacity to take on arguably the greatest challenge to the political and territorial integrity of the country since the Nigerian Civil War (1967- 70). For such sceptics, the latest spate of attacks across the country is yet another proof that the administration is out of its depth. For instance, just last week, suspected armed herdsmen reportedly stormed several communities across Katsina-Ala Local Council in Benue State, leaving more than a hundred dead in their wake. According to the chairman of the council, Alfred Atera, the marauders had set ablaze residential houses and farms. In another example, on Sunday May 23, another group of suspected herders launched a premeditated attack on Dong Village in Jos South Local Council, killing scores of defenceless people. In the early hours of Thursday May 27, suspected herdsmen attacked Shikaan Mbagena Kpav, a Tiv community in Benue State, mowing down at least 36 people, some of them students of the College of Education Katsina-Ala. Attacks like these are just one aspect of the country’s expanding economy of violence. Space does not permit a systematic documentation of the incidents of kidnapping which are now a daily occurrence. The same thing applies to calculated brutal attacks on soldiers and law enforcement agents by sundry armed gangs. Last month, more than 30 soldiers were sent to their early graves when still unidentified militants ambushed an army base in Mainok in the northeastern part of Borno State. When you throw into the mix the normal pattern of everyday violence, especially attacks on civilians by armed robbers, you get a picture of a country literally crumbling. The situation has revived fears among security experts that the country, already a failure when judged by all the relevant sociological indices, is in danger of collapsing if urgent remedial steps are not taken. For example, in a must-read article for Foreign Policy magazine, Robert I. Rotberg and Joseph Campbell (the latter was US ambassador to Nigeria from 2004 to 2007) called for “a new determination by Buhari and the political class to restore security and a sense of safety” in order to “prevent the nation from spiraling further into failure and despair.” We fully endorse the sentiment undergirding Rotberg and Campbell’s article and join them in decrying “the fraud, graft, and embezzlement that are fundamental to Nigeria’s weaknesses as a state and that are compelling contributors to its failure.” We call on President Buhari to act and act decisively. His silence at a time of such grave emergence for the country is not golden. Instead, it makes him look weak and utterly clueless. History is upon him and members of his cabinet. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.