Popular social media application and microblogging site, Twitter has introduced a new policy on how users can get verified. The Jack Dorsey-owned app paused verification in 2017 after widespread outcry over the company’s decision to give blue check to white supremacists who tweeted disparaging comments about a woman killed in Charlottesville. Twitter, on Thursday, while urging users to hold on for the verification application to show up, spoke of its new plans for verification through its Product manager, B Bryne. According to Bryne, whose tweets on verification were retweeted by the Twitter verified handle, @verified, said: “Basically, we wanted to get things right. We took the time to understand how to update the policy to be more clear on the criteria for accounts that are (and aren’t) eligible for verification so the programme is more equitable and transparent. That included asking for feedback. “At Twitter we often ask for the public’s feedback when we develop policies to make sure we’re considering global perspectives. We know our old verification policy seemed arbitrary and confusing to many people. Feedback helped us focus on the parts that needed clarifying.” Bryne answering questions on criteria for applications said, “First, you let us know which eligible category you fit into and provide your account qualifications/credibility. Then we’ll confirm your identity using your govt-issued ID, official email address, or official website.” He further noted that “the Twitter Rules apply and have always applied to verified accounts. If someone thinks a verified account is breaking our rules, they can report it. Per our policy, we may remove an account’s blue badge if it severely or repeatedly violates the Twitter Rules Bryne also announced that the company “may remove an account’s badge if its username changes, it becomes incomplete or inactive, its owner is no longer in the position the account was initially verified for, or it’s found to be in violation of the Twitter Rules. In some cases, people can apply to be re-verified.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!