Governor Udom Emmanuel’s wife, Martha; Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly, Ms Felicia Bassey, on Wednesday joined other 2000 women in Akwa Ibom State in the ongoing protests against the gruesome murder of Miss Iniobong Umoren, a University of Uyo graduate of Philosophy, killed in the process of job hunting, on Thursday last week. The women took over the Uyo city centre and marched on the major streets chanting, “we want justice for Iniubong,” “justice for one is justice for all,” “no more rape, no more gender violence.” They carried placards with inscriptions: “#Stand in Solidarity with Akwa Ibom State women and demand justiceforIniubongUmoren,” “#Rape is a crime punishable by law” among others. The women marched from Ibom Connection which on the metropolis to Nwaniba and later converged along the Wellington Bassey Way leading to Government House, where the governor’s wife and the lawmaker took turns to address them. Others on the solidarity march include the Commissioner for Women and Social Welfare, Dr Ini Adiakpan, the State Chairman of the International Federation of Women Lawyer (FIDA), Mrs Emem Etteh, among others. However, Martha Emmanuel assured them of justice on the death of Iniubong Umoren including other issues of rape and domestic violence in the state. “I am pained about the brutal murder of our daughter, Iniubong Umoren and all others. We have done everything we could to stop the menace of harassing our children, mothers and sisters, but, it seems we are doing nothing. “For this singular act, we are saying enough is enough. Iniubong has paid the final price this will not happen again and I want to tell you that this monster and all the accomplice will not go unpunished.” Mrs Emmanuel, who was so emotionally laden, lamented that the suspect has committed murder and rape, vowing that the case would not be overlooked She assured that all others in the habits of engaging in such crimes would be made to face justice and appropriate punishment meted when apprehended. In the same vein, the Deputy Speaker, Ms Felicia Bassey, decried the injury done to the family of late Iniubong Umoren, stressing that the crime must be seriously dealt with. She urged the women to leverage the law against gender-based violence and report any act of harassment to appropriate authorities for swift action The Commissioner of Women Affairs, Dr Ini Adiakpan, lamented that cases of sexual molestation and harassment have taken a high crescendo and must be nib in the bud. She charged women to unite together and fight a common cause, stressing that they should show concern especially people who have suffered gender-based violence. Speaking also, the Chairperson of FIDA, Mrs Emem Ette, maintained that the organisation would continually defend women, noting that a lot has to be done to reorientate the male counterparts on their duties and roles as defenders of women. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. A’Ibom gov’s wife, lawmaker, 2,000 women protest murder of female jobseeker Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… A’Ibom gov’s wife, lawmaker, 2,000 women protest murder of female jobseeker BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.