The personnel of the Nigeria Army have allegedly shot dead two members of the vigilantes of Ejemekwuru Community in Oguta Local Government of Imo State. The vigilantes were said to have been shot right in their usual camp where they stayed with other community policing outfits for the security of the community. Confirming the incident to the Nigeria Tribune in Owerri on Thursday, the President General of Ojemekwuru Autonomous Community in Oguta Local Government Area, Sir Kyrian Igwubuike (aka Abuba Eke) disclosed that the two vigilantes were allegedly shot dead by the newly deployed soldiers to the area. Igwebuike expressed surprise about the killings by the soldiers who should work together with the vigilantes to secure the area. The PG said that the soldiers that formerly served in the area knew and were familiar with the members of the vigilante groups. According to him, the soldiers in their uniform stormed the camp of the and opened fire and killed two while the rest escaped. When the contacted, the Army Public Relations Officer of 34 Artillery Brigade, Obinze, Lt. Babatunde Subairo, denied knowledge of the incident. Sir. Igwebuike said that he had officially reported the incident to the Army Headquarters, DSS, the office of DPO of Oguta Division on whose directed parents of deceased to deposit the corpses at the mortuary. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!