Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Kwara State has confirmed the killing of the son of Reke community leader (Magaji) in the early hours of Monday right in the village located on Eyenkorin/Afon road in Asa local government area of the state. Reke village in Asa local government area also shared boundary with Pampo village where a US returnee farmer, Muritala Adebayo, was kidnapped last Thursday with the suspected kidnappers demanding N100 million ransom. Investigation gathered that the gang of the armed men invaded Reke community at about 2 am, headed straight to the house of the Magaji, Alhaji Abdullahi Jimoh, and opened fire on his eldest son whose name was given as Abiodun. Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the NSCDC in the state command, Babawale Afolabi, who confirmed the incident said that the corpse of the deceased had been taken to the General Hospital by the Police in Afon division for autopsy “Today 31st May 2021 at about 0600hrs information reaching us in our NSCDC AFON DIVISION that Reke village was on fire as some gang of armed guys came overnight around 0200hrs to Magaji compound of Reke village, they killed the Son of Reke village head. “The entire jurisdiction is under panic with the rumours going all about in the community. The police officers from Afon divisional headquarters has taken the Corp to the hospital for autopsy test.” He said that officers of NSCDC had visited the scene of the crime and had commenced an investigation. Meanwhile, the spokesperson of the state Police Command, Ajayi Okasanmi said that the Police and other security agencies are combing Asa forest and other adjourning forests in the state in search of Muritala Adebayo, the kidnapped US returnee farmer. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.