The presiding pastor, Sanctuary of Christ Evangelical Church (Inc.), Ibadan, Pastor (Dr) Gbade Ojo, has expressed concern over the spate of insecurity in the country, saying it is more worrisome than the pre-Civil War period in the country. The cleric, however, said the effect of this is food scarcity, killing of innocent people on roads and farmlands, adding that it had compounded the rate of unemployment among the youths. Ojo made this known at the annual convention and ordination service of pastors, evangelists, deacons and deaconesses, themed: ‘The Riches of His Grace’, at the church auditorium, Semi-n-bio Bus Stop, Lagos-Ibadan highway, Ibadan, recently. He noted that many communities could not have pipeborne water for decades coupled with the nation’s incapacity to generate sufficient megawatts of electricity. He said all are tied to the brazen kleptocracy by the top elite in the society since the attainment of independence. He called for God’s intervention in the affairs of the nation, adding that Nigerians need complete reorientation and rebirth so that the current generation will not be wasted. He urged religious leaders to always speak the truth to constituted authorities so as to develop the nation. Pastor Ojo told those who were ordained that they are expected to serve in the vineyard of God with sincerity of purpose, adding that it is not a position to intimidate and oppress others. In his sermon, Pastor James Onagwa, said God cherished the establishment of church for His gospel, adding that the greatest enemy of man is ignorance. ‘’As a Church, we have no reason to fail.  God has given us His blessings to survive.  At a certain period, God will use your faith to help those who did not have faith in Him,” he said. The event was graced by religious leaders from different churches, captains of industry, friends, associates as well as Oba (Deacon) Samson Morounfoye Oyebode, the Olotamokun of Otamokun, in Ogooluwa Local Government Area of Oyo State. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.