Five persons were on Sunday reportedly killed by herdsmen at Ukoo Abaa village, near Kufai Amadu in Takum Local Government Area. This is coming barely eight hours after leaders of Tiv and Fulani agreed to work for peace and end the renewed killings amongst herders and farmers. Mr Paul Yade told Tribune Online on the phone that five persons were macheted to death at Ukoo Abaa village near the Taraba/ Benue border. “My uncle’s wife was attacked and robbed of all the money on her while her daughter who tried to protest was cut severally with cutlass and she is receiving treatment at MDG hospital in Amadu. “The attackers in their numbers killed five persons and proceeded to the neighbouring Benue State,” Yade narrated. Tribune Online gathered that stakeholders of Tiv and Fulani had on Saturday signed an agreement in Jalingo to end the killings and pave way for the displaced people to return to their homes. In a communiqué signed by Alhaji Adamu Abacha (Sarkin Fulani Bali) and Zaki David Gbaa, Ter Bali II and Chairman, Taraba State Tiv Traditional Council, the groups condemned the attacks and called for a ceasefire. The groups also resolved to come together, forgive one another and live in peace as brothers and sisters.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!