The Chief Provost of the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS), Okiemute Mrere, has been killed by gunmen in Imo State. Nigerian Tribune learnt that Mrere was killed on Saturday night on Owerri-Port Harcourt Road in Owerri while his remains were discovered in a bush path on Sunday morning. A source said that the immigration officer was riding an Immigration Hilux van when he was attacked by the gunmen who shot him at close range. It was further revealed that the assailants did not take any valuable from the van and his service pistol was found on him when his body was discovered the next day. The Immigration Hilux van, when discovered, was riddled with bullets. An attempt to get confirmation from the Imo State Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, proved abortive, as his telephone number was not reachable at the time of filing this report.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.