In furtherance of its commitment to bringing banking closer to the populace for efficiency and transparency, the management of Cooperative Mortgage Bank (CMB) has introduced a unique agency banking system, Coop One-Stop. A statement by the Head, Communications and Public Relations of Cooperative Mortgage Bank (CMB), Mrs Olufunmilayo Afolabi, said “the initiative is designed to allow agents who would be physically present in Cooperative Society Offices, local governments, universities, markets, villages and small communities to provide regular banking services and perform other functions which encompass National Social Housing Savings Scheme, Cooperative Save for Shelter and Thrift Savings (Ajọ).” The Head of Agency Banking, Mrs Stella Abu, explained that Agency Banking had grown over the years since it was first initiated in Brazil in 1999 due to its versatility, a method CMB is currently adopting to make banking easier for all. She revealed that the Coop One-Stop project will provide employment for Nigerians who are willing to take banking to their neighbourhoods and make huge profit. While calling on interested Nigerians to embrace the opportunity, Mrs Abu disclosed that agents will benefit from adequate training and provision of necessary facilities specially designed for the project. The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of CMB, Kabir Tukur, has therefore assured both existing and potential customers of exceptional service delivery and commitment to satisfaction. He urged cooperators, who are the main beneficiaries of the Coop One-Stop Agency Banking initiative, and Nigerians in general to key into the project for maximum benefits. Established in 1994, Cooperative Mortgage Bank’s twin objectives are provision of affordable and durable houses to the populace, and provision of structured mortgage for ease of homeownership.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.