A member of Lagos State House of Assembly, representing Shomolu Constituency 2, Rotimi Abiru, has charged Nigerian workers to rededicate themselves to the revitalisation of the country’s economy, urging them all not to allow self-serving individuals bent on causing division and disunity to infiltrate their ranks. Abiru, who is the immediate Chief Whip of the 40-member parliament, made the call in a statement to commemorate May Day, even as he noted that individual and collective contribution was needed for the nation’s economy to bounce back for growth and development. “It’s a fact that individual and collective contribution is needed for the nation’s economy to bounce back for growth and development,” he said. This was just as he saluted Nigerian workers for their sacrifice and resilience especially at this trying time of the nation’s economy being challenged by security issues. Abiru, while urging all Nigerian workers not to allow agents of disunity to infiltrate their ranks, reiterated his passion and commitment to always support efforts geared towards improving the remuneration and the general welfare of Nigerians, just as he wished them a Happy Workers Day. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE COVID-19: Nigeria Recorded 624 New Infections Last Week, Lowest In Over Five Months Last week, Nigeria recorded 624 new COVID-19 infections which is the lowest the country recorded in five months, Tribune Online analysis shows. The 624 new cases reported between March 28 and April 3 is a reduction from the 849 recorded the previous week… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Abiru charges workers on revitalisation of country’s economy Abiru charges workers on revitalisation of country’s economy SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.