Aare Onakakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, on Monday, threw his support for southern governors for standing firm against open grazing, commending them for their resolve, just as he berated the Federal Government over the high-level insecurity currently ravaging the country. Adams gave this commendation while speaking to newsmen at this year Odun Aje Festival, held at Orile Agege, Lagos, saying the stand by the governors came at the right time as most times, he felt sad at the spate of insecurity across the South-West where kidnapping, banditry and killings had since been the bane of the region. The generalissimo pointedly said that open grazing was archaic and belonged to the old, saying in the 21st century such practice had created more challenges than it could solve, even as he wondered why the Federal Government was bent on going against the wishes of the people. “We totally support their position on the ban of open gracing in the South. For example, most times, I feel sad at the spate of insecurity across the South-West. In the South-West, kidnapping, banditry and killings have since been the bane of our region. “We are in the 21st century and the open grazing practice is of old. It has created more challenges than it could solve and I wonder why the Federal Government is bent on going against the wishes of the people,” he said. “In the last few years, Nigeria has been in the news mostly for the wrong reasons. The spate of insecurity in the country is alarming and it is increasing by the day. “I think we need to tackle the menace, using the traditional approach and global template. “The Federal Government has failed to unravel the mystery behind the various security challenges in the country. And by going against the wishes of the citizens, FG has only created, disunity, anarchy, instability and lack of cohesion among the various tribes and ethnic groups in the country. Things have gone wrong and it is beyond everybody’s imagination,” he added. Speaking further, Iba Adams said the Yoruba people were tired of this failed federation and had graduated from clamouring for restructuring to seeking self-determination, pointing out that those still clamouring for restructuring had their eyes on 2023 elections and their agenda was at variance with the present demand. “For us as a race, it is a new dawn and we are determined to go all the way to get what we want legitimately and without creating unnecessary tension,” he said. “Yoruba can do better as a race that is destined for greatness. We can do better if we can unite as a race. “As a Yoruba son or daughter, it does not matter whether you are a Muslim, Christian or traditionalist, it behoves on you to work with others for the progress of our race,” he added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021. Ban on open grazing: Gani Adams throws support for Southern govs BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.