A driver on Friday escaped death by the whiskers as his truck plunged into ASE Shopping Complex which is a stone throw from Veterinary junction along Mokola-Ojoo Road, Ibadan, Oyo State. ASE Shopping Complex is located beside Ifeasinachi Transport Company adjacent Premier Hotel junction along Mokola/Ojoo road in Ibadan, Oyo State. Witnesses said the brake of the truck had failed while descending from a street on Mokola hill directly opposite the complex. In a flash, the witnesses said, the truck loaded with substances believed to be sawdust, headed towards the busy Mokola/Ojoo dual carriage road, forced itself across the road median and rammed into the fence of the complex before plunging into the premises. They said the truck landed on two cars and two buses parked beside an electricity transformer in the compound, crushing them in the process. No one was in the vehicles. The truck driver, as gathered, who escaped death, only sustained a cut in the head. The accident attracted road users and owners of the lock-up shops in the complex who gathered in groups trying to recap the movie-like incident and expressed gratitude to God for averting death.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!