The Governing Council of the Federal School of Surveying, Oyo, have concluded plans to upgrade the 113-year-old Institution. This was even as the Council also moved to appoint a substantive Registrar for the school as O. O. Oyedele, the acting Registrar is expected to be confirmed by the council. Speaking at the Council’s meeting on Tuesday, the Surveyor-General of the Federation (SGoF) and the Council’s chairman, Surv. Samuel Adeniran Taiwo, said the meeting will fine-tune some critical decisions taken previously. The FSS which was established in 1908 is the only school that specializes majorly in surveying, geo-informatics and related courses in the country. He stressed the need to continue to make useful contributions for the advancement of the school. Taiwo also charged members of the council to work assiduously towards further development of the school as there were many issues to resolve to achieve progress. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… | Stakeholders move to upgrade Oyo school of survey BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!