The Lagos State governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday, performed the symbolic registration of pupils into public primary schools to commence pupils’ enrolment for the 2021/2022 academic session in the state. The governor performed the role at exactly 12.05 pm by registering five children, two males and three females, including a six-year-old Darasimi Alabi, at an event to commemorate this year’s Children’s Day celebration Parade and Rally held at the Police College, Ikeja. By this registration, parents and guardians who are residents of Lagos State can now approach their choice school to enrol their children or wards who must up to six years old by September as the exercise is expected to last till September 20th. The deputy governor, Dr Obafemi Amzat, however, performed the role on behalf of Mr Sanwo-Olu, who also physically present at the event but left immediately after the end of the students match past at 11.30 am. Also in attendance at the event were the Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo; Special Adviser to the governor on Education, Mr Wahab Tokunbo; Head of Service, Mr Hakeem Muri-Okunola; Lagos Police Commissioner, Mr Hakeem Odumosu; Chairman of the Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM), Mrs Elizabeth Olabisi Ariyo; Executive Chairman of the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Mr Wahab Alawiye-King; and the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Mrs Abosede Adelaja, among others. In his keynote address, the governor, speaking through his deputy, reaffirmed his administration’s commitment to providing quality and quantitative education that would be inclusive of all school-going age children in the state. He said the Children’s Day celebration affords the state government the opportunity to reflect on the state of the children in the state and how to better their lots. He said good education prepares and equips children well for future challenges. He also said the theme of this year’s event, “Unite to reverse the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on children” as given by UNESCO. He said the state government would continue to deploy technology in teaching and learning in the state-owned schools as well as in radio, television and many other digital platforms. He, however, urged the children, who are students from across the six education districts of the state to give their studies deserved attention and also shun all forms of untoward behaviour including cultism and hooliganism. He said it is was only when they are well-behaved, do well in their academic and other legitimate activities expected of them that they could be proud of by their parents and the state. “So, know that there is no shortcut to success but hardwork, perseverance, commitment, honesty and the right attitude are what you need to succeed,” he pointed out. While the governor commended the teachers for what he called their tremendous contributions to nurture and shape the lives of students towards future responsibilities in society, he urged parents and guardians to live up to their parental roles on their children and wards. He reaffirmed that the state government would not relent in investing meaningfully in the future of the children. Speaking earlier, the Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, said her ministry would not relent in producing total students across levels of education. According to her, the ministry will train you on academic work and the right character as well as extra-curriculum activities so that you’re well equipped for the future. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers.Lagos commences 2021/2022 pupils’ enrolment into primary schools as Sanwo-Olu registers five children Lagos commences 2021/2022 pupils’ enrolment into primary schools as Sanwo-Olu registers five children BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!