Controversies continue to surround the much talked about £4.2 million stolen by former Governor of Delta State, Mr James Ibori, but recovered by Jersey and the United Kingdom. Accountant General of the Federation, Mr Idris Ahmed, on Tuesday, told a House of Representatives committee that the money had been returned to Delta State account. This was clearly a contradiction to an earlier assertion by the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr Abubakar Malami who said the money would be spent on some projects cutting across geo-political zones. Malami had earlier stated that an agreement between the Federal Government and Britain strictly stipulated what the money would be spent on but it would certainly not be returned to Delta State. Despite his testimony before a House of Representatives committee on Tuesday, Ahmed Idris, on Wednesday, again repudiated his claim, saying rather that the money was still being awaited. On May 18, Malami’s office “confirmed that the Federal Government of Nigeria has received *GBP 4,214,017.66* of the loot associated with the family members of former Delta State Governor, James Ibori. “Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN signed Memorandum of Understanding for the repatriation of the Ibori loot on behalf of the Federal Government of Nigeria.” But the statement issued by Director of Information, OAGF Henshaw Ogubike, on Wednesday titled “ Re: £4.2m Ibori Loot: Putting The Record Straight” explained “the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) wishes to put the records straight regarding the widely circulated media report on the £4.2m Ibori Loot. “The issue of the £4.2m Ibori Loot has not been properly resolved. The money is still being awaited, after which the issues around it will be resolved before further action is taken. For now, no money has been returned to Delta State. “This explanation is without prejudice to the proceedings at the public hearing that took place yesterday during which the AGF was only making general comments about recoveries relating to State Governments. “This is the true position as regards the £4.2m Ibori Loot.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers.Accountant General makes U-turn, says £4.2m Ibori loot still being awaited Accountant General makes U-turn, says £4.2m Ibori loot still being awaited BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!