Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has met with South-West think-tank (Imodoye delegation), led by former Ogun State governor, Otumba Gbenga Daniel, at the presidential villa, Abuja. At the meeting, which took place on Wednesday, Osinbajo affirmed that even though Nigeria is facing diverse challenges, it will overcome the problems and realize its potentials especially if people who share progressive views continue to work together in the interest of the country. A statement issued by the vice president’s spokesman, Laolu Akande, on Thursday, quoted him as saying: “I am very hopeful that this country will truly realize its potentials and I believe that all of us working together can make that happen. If the progressive ideas are put forward and we focus, then this country indeed will work. “The country is ours, we should make it happen, there will be many challenges but I think that we must be prepared to face it until progressive views of improved welfare for the citizens that we represent, eventually prevail.” Speaking on the efforts of the Buhari administration to address some of the challenges confronting Nigerians, the vice president noted that “the best way out of where we are today is to have a massive plan for investment because that is really how to create opportunities for jobs, which is what we are hoping to achieve with the Economic Sustainability Plan, creating opportunities through the solar investments with 5 million connections, the Farms for Jobs Project and the Social Housing Scheme.” Osinbajo reiterated that the welfare of the people and the progress of the country has always been and will remain the priority of the APC and the Buhari administration. Earlier in his remark, Otunba Daniel, said the visit was to identify with and support the cause of Osinbajo whom he described as “intelligent, hardworking, articulate” and a very proud son of the Southwest region. His words: “We want to let you know that you are appreciated, we are proud of you and the work that you are doing, we know it is not an easy job. We also want to let you know that we want to join you in nation-building, if there is anything, any assignment you want us to undertake, we are at your service, that is why we are here.” Daniel, who recently joined the APC, led the Imodoye delegation which included some other new entrants into the party. He said having joined the party he has visited the president, governors, and other party leaders. With him during the visit were Mr Dare Babarinsa, a veteran journalist; and Otunba Opeyemi Agbaje, a policy analyst; Mr Ayodele Olaoye, Mr Kole Omololu, Mr. Kole Abe, Mr Deola Sosanwo, Mr Steve Oliyide, Mr John Obafemi and Mr Demola Folarin. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.