THE pan-Yoruba group, Afenifere, on Sunday, said the developments in the country justified its decisions for not supporting President Muhammad Buhari aspiration during the 2015 and 2019 elections, saying the group’s decision was not only in the best interest of the Yoruba but Nigerians. The leader of the group, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, who stated this while speaking with newsmen after the group’s 70th-anniversary thanksgiving service held at Saint David Cathedral, Akure, the Ondo State capital, said corruption and nepotism remained the bane of the Buhari administration since it assumed office six years ago. Fasoranti alleged, “We were justified in not supporting President Muhammadu Buhari. He has not been doing well; that is why we did not support him. There is insecurity in the land. There is corruption everywhere. “All those, who committed one crime or the other, he left them in office to continue their nefarious activities. Those who he is supposed to sack, he left them in office. Thank God we did not support him in his elections. “My daughter was killed in Ore on her way to Lagos for no reason. Up till now, they have not concluded the trial. I know justice will be done.” Speaking on the 70th anniversary of the group, Fasoranti said it had not been easy for the group, especially during the military regimes when members were sent to prison or exile for championing democracy. He noted that the struggle for democracy during the NADECO days tested the faith of members, who either renounced their membership or fled to exile. During his sermon, the Bishop of Akure Diocese, Anglican Communion, Simeon Borokini, described 70 as significant in the life of an individual or an organisation, saying for Afenifere to have survived this long despite all the challenges showed God’s hand in the affairs of the mainstream Yoruba organisation. He, however, commended Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, for setting up the regional security outfit, Amotekun, to protect the people of the state, noting that the outfit had been doing good job in securing the state from herders and bandits. Borokini called on the Yoruba to always speak with one voice, be united, support Akeredolu and his Amotekun project in order to prevent attack by suspected killer herdsmen and bandits. He said: “Famine is imminent, a situation where you took loan to set up a farm and cows come to destroy it, this would lead to famine in the country. The sins of Sodom and Gomorrah are not as high as what is obtainable in Nigeria. If God does not destroy Nigeria, he should apologise to the Sodom and Gomorrah.” At the service were Governor Akeredolu, his deputy, Lucky Ayedatiwa, Chief Olu Falae, Basorun Seinde Arogbofa, Chiefs Sola Ebiseni, Kole Omololu and Femi Aluko.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.