Ile-Tuntun Customary Court, Ibadan, Oyo State, recently dissolved the 15-year-old marriage between a man, Adeyemi Bamigbola and his wife, Bidemi Bamigbola over alleged infidelity. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Adeyemi had approached the court seeking divorce on grounds that his wife was an unrepentant adulterer. He stated that, “Bidemi and her lover were once arrested by the police in Oyo. Bidemi on her part accused her husband of being irresponsible. She explained that, “Bamigbola failed to cater for me and our two children. When our landlord attempted to evict us for non payment of  house rent, I obtained a loan to settle the debt. “He is a drunk and womaniser. “He brings women to our matrimonial home and sleeps with them on our bed. “He vomits in the room whenever he is drunk and messes up the whole place,” Bidemi said. Delivering judgment, the court president, Chief Henry Agbaje, ruled that their marriage was dissolved. Agbaje held that he dissolved the relationship between the two in the interest of peace. He awarded custody of their two children to Bidemi and ordered Adeyemi to pay N10,000 as their  monthly upkeep. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… Pollution, Deforestation: How Ignorance, Unclear Environmental Policies Influence Booming Fish Smoking Industry Rays of the afternoon sun pelted her head as she fanned the embers beneath the half-cut iron drum with the smoke permeating the air. “This smoke is unbearable, Iya Maria,” said one of the three neighbours conversing under a makeshift shed about five meters away. Their voices rose and fell intermittently…Nigeria records 63 new COVID-19 infections, total now 166,254 BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!