The Nigerian Stored Products Research Institute (NSPRI) Ilorin has received commendation for impacting meaningfully on its immediate environment through its proven technologies. The Technical Assistant (Agriculture) to the Kwara State Governor, Mr. Abdul Qawiy Olododo, gave the commendation while commissioning the fish processing centre constructed by the Institute for the Araromi-Ipo community in Irepodun local government area of Kwara State. Olodod noted that NSPRI boss through its various interventions such as construction of grain dryers, portable storage facilities, training and retraining of farmers across the state moved the country nearer to achieving food sufficiency. In his  welcome address, the Executive Director of NSPRI, Dr. Patricia Pessu, noted that the benefit of fish processing is constrained in traditional practices. This include contamination in unkempt processing environment, poor sanitation and hygiene in the use of equipment and personnel and drudgery of fish smoking sitting at the fire place with lots of smoke in excess of requirement for flavouring, manifesting in high Poly Aromatic Hydrocarbon (PAH) content above allowable limit. Represented by the Director, Perishable Crops Research Department in the Institute, Dr. Adeola Oyebanji, the NSPRI boss stated that the Institute’s smoking kilns in the processing centre have been designed, constructed and provided with needed facilities including water supply and electricity wiring to support improved handling activities. She therefore enjoined the benefitting community to make judicious use of the centre in order to boost fish processing and enhance their socio- economic status. The community traditional head, Chief Oyewole David Oparinola, the leader of the fish smoking stakeholders, Mr. Babatunde Ilufoye and the coordinator of the Justice Development and Peace Mission, Rural Developmental Programme Rev.Fr. Emmanuel Ekundayo appreciated NSPRI for opening the centre for use. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.