Former Head of State, General Abdulsalami Abubakar, has described as false and unfounded the news linking him to a purported arrested helicopter supplying food to bandits. A statement issued by his media aide, Dr Yakubu Suleiman on Sunday said ordinarily, he would have ignored such spurious news but has to set the record straight. To this end, the statement opined that “General Abdulsalami A. Abubakar disassociates himself from such a heinous crime that is unbecoming of any patriotic citizen. “This kind of fake news has the potential of aggravating the already tense security situation in the country and should not be condoned.” He lamented on how individuals can be so callous to peddle such news and smear the image and character of people. He urged Nigerians to ignore such treacherous acts and to be careful with the kind of information they dish out and share on social media. He further urged Nigerians to continue to work and pray for enduring peace in Nigeria. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!