NIGERIAN farmers have been urged to consider the practice of organic agriculture because of the numerous benefits that are abound in it. Making the plea was the National Coordinator, Knowledge Centre for Oragnic Agriculture (KCOA), Dr Jude Obi, while speaking with the Nigerian Tribune in Ibadan recently. Obi noted that:”If we want to live healthy, if we want to have good life, if wnat to enjoy good taste in our food, if we want to have food products that does not deteriorate fast after harvest then we must go organic. “If we must go organic, we must convince the farmers to go organic. And the challenges the farmers have in organic are many but the association and larger bodies are dealing with those issues and to make organic production easy. “So we are telling farmers is come, embarce organic agriculture. Organic agriculture ensures safety of the farmers. When a farmers uses synthetic material the first victim is the farmer. First instance, when a farmer is spraying herbicide or insecticide the first victim is the farmer, the consumer is secondary. “So, when farmers embrace organic agriculture, their production process gives them the first round of safety, then the consumer gets the second round of safety. Farmers should embrace organic agriculture so that they can enjoy bumper harvest, good health and most protect our environment and give our consumers the organic food they need.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.