The remaining 29 students of Federal College of Forestry Mechanisation, Afaka, Kaduna State, have been released. Speaking in an interview with Tribune Online, the husband of one of the kidnapped student who pleaded for anonymity confirmed the released of the students. He said the students are right now on their way to Kaduna. Also a source told the Tribune Online that their freedom was facilitated by Sheikh Ahmad Gummi Dialogue committee with the collaboration of former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo. Earlier, the Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed, had hinted that the federal and the Kaduna State governments are working round the clock to ensure they regain their freedom. It will be recalled that 10 of the students had earlier been released by the bandits. It was not clear whether ransom was paid since the bandits have demanded for N500 million. As of the time of filing this report, the police and the state government are yet to make any official statement. Details later… YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…JUST IN: Remaining abducted 29 students of Kaduna school released by bandits JUST IN: Remaining abducted 29 students of Kaduna school released by bandits BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.