A former Enugu State judge has been shot dead as the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) recorded total compliance in Enugu State. Nigerian Tribune gathered that banks, markets, street shops, malls, motor parks, schools were all under lock and key. It would be recalled that the Enugu State Police Command had at the weekend asked residents to ignore the order and go about their normal businesses. However, the reverse was the case as residents complied with the IPOB order and stayed home with all roads totally deserted. Markets in the state including the popular Ogige Market, the Garki Market, Ogige Market in Nsukka, among others were shut. It was the same with all the busy roads in the state including Holy Ghost, New Haven, Abakpa Road, New Haven Road, Agbani Road, Obiagu Road among others. However, a former judge of the Enugu State High Court, Justice Stanley Nnaji, has been killed by gunmen who also made away with his Mercedes Benz Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV). His death has been recorded in a video that has gone viral on social media. The former judge was shot in the chest and robbed of his SUV by the gunmen in Enugu. Nigerian Tribune learnt that the killers, numbering three, double-crossed him along Ebeano Tunnel, Enugu, dragged him out and drove his car away after killing him. Confirming the incident to newsmen, the Enugu State Police spokesman, Daniel Ndukwe, in a statement release said the gunmen trailed him from an unknown location to where they shot him and took his car away. Ndukwe said the command has launched a manhunt for the yet-to-be-identified armed assailants with a view to bringing them to justice. “The victim was rushed to the hospital where he was confirmed dead by doctors on duty and deposited in the mortuary for autopsy. “We assure that no stone would be left unturned in fishing out perpetrators of the heinous crime. “We also urge residents to remain law-abiding, vigilant and assist the police with useful information that will lead to the arrest and prosecution of the assailants,” the statement said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.