The Archbishop, Ibadan Diocese of Methodist Church Nigeria, Most Rev’d Olumuyiwa Odejayi has charged leaders to uphold the Doctrine and tenets of Jesus Christ to achieve peace and unity in the country. The Archbishop said this reawakening speech during his episcopal visit to Ekotedo Circuit, Ibadan, on Friday, where he admonished and appeal to the church, which according to him is the bedrock of Holiness, righteousness and revealer of God’s mind to humanity. According to him upholding the Lord’s doctrine will help in proliferating the nation to recover from kidnapping, killings, human trafficking and other social vices. He said “this will proliferate the nation with the speed of light to recover the times eaten by locust of kidnapping, killing, human trafficking and all other evil vices that have turned the nation to a dungeon. The example of John Wesley who spent all for charity and never acquired wealth for himself and his name is written with gold till today should be followed by our leaders at all spheres of life.” Also speaking, Presbyter of the circuit, Very Rev. Abraham Aremu Akinyode, urged all Christians to be actively involved in politics so as to reflect the Jesus Christ leadership style which according to him will bring positive change and gain to all. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!