Ten gunmen reportedly attacked and set ablaze the Divisional Police Station in Bende Local Government Area of Abia State on Monday. They also set ablaze two vehicles, three motorcycles and a generator house in the vicinity. Nigerian Tribune gathered that a police officer was shot in the leg. Some of the suspects in detention inside the station were reportedly freed by the gunmen before the building was razed. The attack, which was lasted for about one hour on Wednesday night, sent the people of the area into panic and forced the residents to stay awake throughout the night. The police spokesman, SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, confirmed the incident but added that no police officer was killed in the operation and no arms were carted away from police armoury. Ogbonna, however, promised to confirm if the hoodlums freed suspects under detention at the police station. He was yet to do so at the time of this report. It would be recalled that the attack would make it the fourth time government facilities would be attacked by hoodlums in the state after Sunday’s attack on Mike Okiro Police Station in Umuahia North Local Government Area of the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!