MainOne, a leading provider of connectivity solutions for businesses, has said it was responding to the increase in the adoption of Cloud technology by connecting businesses across West Africa directly to public cloud service providers. Ololade Shonubi, Deputy General Manager, Marketing and Customer Experience, said that MainOne Cloud Connect service enabled businesses in Nigeria, Ghana, and Cote d’Ivoire to adapt to the rapid growth of cloud solutions equipped with always-on, secure access to their cloud enabled applications. Shonubi said that businesses across the region were strategically positioned to use “our world class connectivity platform coupled with technology from our global partners to support their digital transformation efforts.” According to her, MainOne Cloud Connect service ensures direct secure and reliable network connectivity between enterprise data centres or office locations and public cloud providers such as Microsoft, and Amazon Web Services. Shonubi said that  MainOne also had a partnership with Equinix-Telecity that granted the company direct access to other global providers, such as Oracle and IBM, thereby giving customers access to the services they would need. She said that with MainOne Cloud Connect, businesses had a cost-effective solution to scale up as cloud resource utilisation increased while benefiting from an improved network experience than Internet-based connections. “This connectivity solution is backed by MainOne’s private submarine cable and supports direct connections to Cloud services at speeds from 10 Mbps to 100 Gbps. “Our Cloud Connect service enables businesses in Nigeria, Ghana, and Cote d’Ivoire to adapt to the rapid growth of cloud solutions equipped with always-on, secure access to their cloud enabled applications.” “Businesses across the region are strategically positioned to use our world class connectivity platform coupled with technology from our global partners to support their digital transformation efforts,” she said. Shonubi said that one of the company’s customers said earlier that  “MainOne Cloud Connect service allowed their  team have direct access to Microsoft Azure services.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.