Determined to ensure that power is provided at constant, acceptable voltage, current, and frequency, APC by Schneider Electric has added new features to three of its existing Uninterrupted Power Supply (UPS), to enrich customers’ experience. Interrupted power supply is a common problem in Nigeria.  Also, common are power surge, which is a temporary increase in voltage on a power line, usually 10 per cent to 35 per cent above normal voltage and can last between a few milliseconds to several minutes; and spikes which is a dramatic increase in voltage lasting less than 3 nanoseconds. Surges, short-term increases in voltage levels associated with lightning or utility problems, can travel along utility and data lines damaging electronic devices and destroying valuable data.  It can also degrade the performance of electronics and shorten their lifespan. But with APC Back-UPS, Line Interactive UPS, and On-Line UPS, electronics, and devices are protected. According to the Schneider Electric Channels Sales Manager, Oluwaseun Oloyede, the APC Back-UPS is applicable for a home environment, especially for basic appliances like personal computer, projector, television, security camera, and home automation systems. Unlike the Back-UPS, the Line Interactive APC Easy UPS and Smart UPS is a business power UPS. It is designed for critical application such as servers, Automated Teller Machine (ATM) — company’s ATM. In other words, it is for critical business devices. It comes in series, which include Easy UPS SMV, Smart UPS SMC, SMT, and SMX. Similarly, APC Easy UPS SRV and Smart UPS SRT/SRTG Online series are designed for a harsh power environment, especially on a critical mission equipment like medical equipment, servers, and storage devices. “This time around, we are starting from the entry-level. We are increasing the capacity, giving more power and voltage range, adding features for customers to interact with the UPS, and helping them to be able to get value for their money. Our UPS comes with two years warranty standard, but this time around, they get value much more for money, more power at a cheaper price,” Oloyede said.
He further explained that with the Switch Outlet Group, which both the Line Interactive Smart UPS and Online UPS come with,  and the Smart Slots that allow for network management card to be used on the USP, the UPS attends to the specific individual needs of a customer at every point in time.
On the lifespan of the UPS, Oloyede said that it is designed to last for a minimum of 6-8years, adding that depending on the usage, the battery is supposed to last for close to 3-5 years. However, if it runs down in two years, the company will give the customer a replacement. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo
Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!