The General Overseer, Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye has described the Governor of Kogi State, Alhaji Yahaya Bello as a leader of stoic faith for his management of coronavirus pandemic in the state. Pastor Adeboye said this in a visit to Kogi State Government House, Lokoja during the weekend. He applauded the governor for his balanced approach to governance especially as it relates to the issue of religious plurality, praising the Governor on his tolerance and inclusiveness to the extent that the first-ever Chapel in Kogi State Government house was built by the Governor. ALSO READ: We align with govt’s efforts to tackling insecurity, Okada menace, says Lagos APC “We have heard and seen your show of faith in God particularly in dealing with the coronavirus. It takes the man of faith to have acted the way you did and we are very very pleased with you. You are a rare demonstration from a political leader,” he added. “We have also heard the news of how you’ve been relating to people of every faith to the extent that you built the first chapel in the government house, Lokoja, we are delighted, Sir.” “I want to assure you that we will keep on praying for you, we will keep on praying for the people of your state and I believe that the Almighty God will answer our prayers for you. Thank you for granting us an audience,” Adeboye said. Meanwhile, in his own reaction, Gov Yahaya  Bello asked the people of Nigeria for more prayers for the nation, state and leadership. Bello expressed that the visit of the clergy was a gift and he was delighted to be hosting a father figure who served as a role model to many across the country, himself inclusive. He asserted that It was evil of any leader to continually do wrong without recourse to natural justice, adding that in Kogi State under his leadership, considering the circumstances surrounding how he became governor and his election for a second term, the resolve is to do good by providing credible and impacting governance. He alluded that his administration’s strive to ensure ethnic, religious balance, fighting criminality and other modest achievements were only natural and mandatory obligations expected of leaders bequeathed with the people’s mandate. The Governor tasked the revered and venerable clergy to continue to pray for the country, the state, both leadership and followership stating that all faith at this very period should harmonise to seek divine intervention for the nation instead of beating the drum of divisions and war. NIGERIAN TRIBUNE BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!