30 Muslim worshipers who were kidnapped in the early hours of Monday while observing Tahajjud (night prayer) in a mosque at Kwata area of Jibiya town, Katsina State have been rescued by a combined team of Nigerian police, military and local vigilante. Police spokesman, SP Isa Gambo, confirmed that after the rescue mission, a headcount was conducted by the police and 10 persons could not be accounted for. However, he said police cannot say they are missing because they might have escaped. “We will wait and see while and at the same time we will continue to search for them in the next couple of days before we can make a categorical statement.” Tribune Online reports that 40 worshippers were abducted by armed bandits while observing Tahajjud in the mosque located in the headquarters of Jibiya local government area of the state around 2am on Monday. Narrating the incident, a resident, Lawal Jibiya, said that the hoodlums stormed the mosque, circled the worshippers and guided them into the forest. He said the congregation were helpless. “So far, we established 40 people missing after the attack,” he had said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!