The closer we look around ourselves, the more we understand how things have been fast-changing for the better across industries globally. This is indeed an amazing sight to behold, looking at how entrepreneurs and professionals have been putting every possible effort to combine technology with their passion, efforts and innovative ideas and create something that brings more value to others in the world. Very few entrepreneurs have had this vision, but the ones that have are those that never fail to astonish the world with whatever they create and also make a special place for themselves in people’s hearts. Kevin Ko serves as the best example of one such young entrepreneur, or rather a serial entrepreneur, who believed in his visions and goals from the very beginning and took the right steps at the right time to thrive in the vast entrepreneurial world.  Kevin Ko says, “It is essential to walk in sync with the changing times of the world. I always had entrepreneurial instincts and from the very beginning invested my time, money and energy in those industries I thought would provide me with umpteen numbers of opportunities and can lead me to growth and success.” This is why first he dived into opening his cold-pressed juice shop named Instapressed in 2014. He worked consistently towards growing the same and building its credible brand image and then sold it. He then started Aloha Coffee in Honolulu, HI, from the ground up and has turned this as well into a successful business that is ready to get sold in the next month.  His entry into the crypto industry happened in 2017. After realizing its power and potential, Kevin Ko initiated his platform ‘Crypto Kingz’, which is all about helping people learn, trade and win and educate them and help them build portfolios based on their risk tolerance. Apart from this, Kevin Ko is an expert in the commercial real estate sector as well in Honolulu, HI and serves as a full-time broker under Commercial Asset Advisors.  Kevin Ko aims to spread more awareness about cryptocurrency and its potential to lead people towards success and for that wants to work harder with Crypto Kingz. To learn more, follow him on Instagram @kevinyko and visit the website www.cryptokingz.com.  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!