CashBox’s CEO, Sydney Imuetinyan Aigbogun says, despite inflation, recession and Covid-19 related hardship, the world is full of opportunities for anyone willing to embark on an entrepreneurial odyssey rather than resorting to fraud or illegitimate business. The Edo State-born entrepreneur avowed that everyone can draw from his experience and education to found a viable business. Born in Edo State but bred in Lagos, Aigbogun is the founder and CEO of CashBox  (also known as Cashboxng), a digital savings platform owned by Cashbox Global Services Limited. He noted that he has simply leveraged his education and experience to establish what is now one of the fastest-growing digital savings platforms. “I have a BSc Finance from the University of Lagos and I have worked and have experience in consumer finance, asset management and foreign exchange trades,” he said. The time individuals devote to fraud could as well be used for research and development of legitimate businesses, he noted. “I read all the time about cases of internet fraudsters, about these young Nigerians, some of who have good education and cutting-edge IT skills but chose a life of crime and I wonder what they were thinking when they could easily use their knowledge and skills to establish viable online businesses.” Aigbogun pointed out the advantage such individuals could avail themselves of: “This country has a huge population such that if you establish a solid online venture that is well run, you are sure of  building yourself a sustainable business in the long run.” Aigbogun uses CashBox as an example: “I started CashBox in 2019, and two years after, we are expanding our services.” He further advised young Nigerians that “there are lots of businesses young people can do without resorting to scams, Ponzi or any manner of shady business.” A starting point for young people becoming business savvy, he also pointed out, is having a healthy saving habit. “That is what CashBox is here for. You can start saving with as low as N100 daily, and once you are consistent, you gradually imbibe the savings culture,” he noted.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!