At least one student has been confirmed dead following an outbreak of a yet-to-be-identified ailment at the Government Girls College, Sokoto State. Sources who disclosed this had earlier claimed that the outbreak at the school is meningitis and have killed an unspecified number of students. Reacting, the Director of Public Health at the Sokoto State Ministry of Health Ahmed Abdulrahman dismissed the claim. Mr Abdulrahman confirmed in a telephone conversation with our correspondent that over thirty students were admitted at the state-owned specialist hospital as a result of the outbreak. He said the reported dead student was not part of the students admitted in the state-owned hospital. According to him, all thirty students admitted were treated and discharged, and the state ministry of health has taken samples from the victims to investigate the nature of the ailment. He lamented the delay to report the first case that eventually led to the loss of her life. He also called for calm saying the health ministry will make the outcome of the investigation public as soon as it is concluded. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…’Strange disease’ claims one  ‘Strange disease’ claims one Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…’Strange disease’ claims one  ‘Strange disease’ claims one BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.