Security Forces in a joint operation led by the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Command of the Nigerian Police on Thursday rescued abducted 14 persons and arrested one of the suspected kidnappers. A competent police source told the Nigerian Tribune that the victims were rescued by the security forces along the Bwari axis of the metropolis following a tip-off. The source explained that the joint security operation consisted of the operatives of the Police tactical squad, operatives of the Department of State Security Service (DSS) and the local vigilantes who raided the criminals’ hideout, following actionable intelligence. Our source further added that the members of local vigilante and hunters in the axis also provided useful information and support in the joint operation which also led to the apprehension of one of the kidnappers. It was gathered that already the FCT Commissioner of Police (CP), Bala Ciroma, has directed that the victims be taken a medical facility for comprehensive medical attention after which they would be reunited with their families. The victims were reportedly kidnapped recently by gunmen around Bwari axis. When contained, the Spokesperson of the command, ASP Mariam Yusuf, who confirmed the story said that the command was making frantic efforts to apprehend the fleeing members of the gang who perpetrated the dastardly act. ASP Yusuf who assured the FCT residents of adequate security appealed to them to be security conscious and to report suspicious movements around them to the nearest Police formation for immediate action. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!