Twenty-seven leading marketing professionals were on Thursday, awarded the highest professional title of fellows by the National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN). The professionals were awarded with the highest membership grade of the institute during its Annual Marketing Conference and Dinner held at Radisson Blu, Ikeja Lagos. Some of those conferred with the award at the elaborate event include Dr Obaro Odeghe, Executive Director, Corporate Bank Directorate, Fidelity Bank Plc; Mr Ramon Olanrewaju Nasir, Group Head, Media and External Relations of United Bank for Africa;  Mr Babatunde Olufowora, CEO, Red Ribbon Limited; Mrs Ogochukwu Ekezie-Ekaidem, Chief Brand Marketing Officer at Union Bank; Isaac Okoroafor, erstwhile Director of Corporate Communication, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN); Michelle Nwoga, Head Customer Experience, UBA and Adedayo Aderugbo, Head of Corporate Affairs, Standard Chartered Bank. Other recipients include Ngozichukwuka Akinyele, Head Strategic Brand Management, Union Bank; Rahman Mustapha, Senior Lecturer, Department of Business, Kwara Stae University; Goke Iyiola, Chief Marketing Officer, &Edge; Hadiza, Abubakar, Senior Lecturer; Kaduna State University and Samson Opaleye; Experienced Market Intelligence Analyst. The institute also conferred honorary fellowship award on Nnaemeka Ejeh, Group Executive, Retail Banking Group South, First Bank of Nigeria Limited. The outgoing President and Chairman of Council, NIMN, Mr. Tony Agenmonmen, who spoke at the event, encouraged the new fellows to promote professionalism and propagate the Institute’s mission of creating an enduring, distinctive value for all stakeholders through the development, promotion and application of world-class marketing professionalism,  and offer valuable advice and initiatives that will further build its equity. He explained that those conferred with this membership grade belong to the elite cadre of the Institute’s membership structure and therefore have the responsibility to reflect what the Institute stands for at their various workplace and in the marketing eco-system. Agenmonmen said, “I want to congratulate all of you here today, indeed, it is a very exciting one for us to celebrate these professionals who continue to make us proud.” Continuing, he said, “Within the very challenging environment, we have continued and will continue to drive the Institute’s plans and programmes by ensuring that we continue to develop well-targeted strategies towards building and supporting young marketing professionals.” The National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN) is the umbrella body for professionals engaged in marketing and related fields as marketing practitioners, sales and marketing directors, customer relationship managers, media planners, channel developers, creative directors, among others. The Institute was established by Act of the National Assembly no. 25 0f 2003 with a chartered status conferred on it, the responsibility to regulate and standardize marketing professional practice through the conduct of comprehensive professional examinations and certifications, training, retraining and consultancy services geared towards ensuring that members adopt a professional approach to marketing and other related areas of marketing activities. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that…  BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE. 
 YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.