An attack on a team of mobile policemen along Ogwashi Uku – Kwale road in Delta State, on Tuesday evening, has left one of the officers dead. The deceased yet to be identified was shot dead as the gunmen ambushed the team close to Ossisa community bridge at about 4.15 pm and later carted a rifle away. Other details of the attack were sketchy. But the state police public relations officer DSP Bright Edafe, however, said the command was yet to be informed of the attack at the time of filing the report, hoping to get across to the divisional police officer in the area. Tribune Online reports that an oil tanker with its doors opened and an old motorcycle was seen at the scene of the attack. A police patrol van was said to have arrived at the scene shortly after the incident while motorists plying both sides of the road were scared to proceed on their journeys. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Gunmen ambush Police team, shoot one dead in Delta Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Gunmen ambush Police team, shoot one dead in Delta [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.