A non-governmental organisation, ‘Dr Helen a Hand to the Needy Foundation’, has announced the provision of some financial succour to small and medium enterprises (SMEs), grossly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The founder,  Dr. Helen Oritsejafor, a business mogul, philanthropist and author of the book “You Too Can Become A Success”, stated that the gesture was in fulfilment of her promise of helping  to resuscitate brands and small businesses, ravaged by the public health crisis. According to her, the book comes with a chapter dedicated to solid strategies of being successful in business, irrespective of the changes or challenges in government regulations and the economy. In a bid to further support these businesses to thrive, Dr Oritsejafor promised, during her book launch, that 50 percent of the book sales would be given to entrepreneurs through her aid-organization, “Dr Helen a Hand to the Needy Foundation”. In pursuit of that, the beneficiaries who applied for this aid,  passed through highly intellectual business training, after which they received financial supports ranging from N300,000-N500,000 respectively to grow their ventures. Expressing her gratitude to the Foundation, a beneficiary, from Lagos, Ms. Anita Brown, said  the fund would go a long way in helping her re-build her business, which had suffered some setback due to the pandemic. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!