Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State, on Monday, disclosed that some arrests had been made in respect of the Sunday murder of Ahmad Gulak in Owerri. The governor who expressed great shock over the gruesome murder of the Adamawa politician also dispelled the rumour that he was attacked, as being circulated in social media. Uzodimma during a press briefing sympathised with the families of those who lost their lives through stray bullets during this period, adding that the death of anyone diminishes mankind. He described the brutal and callous assassination of Gulak on his way to the Sam Mbakwe Cargo Airport, as painful insisting that the deceased did not deserve to die that way. He said: “The death of this compatriot is a personal loss to me because he was an invaluable friend and brother whose sense of justice, fairness and uprightness endeared him to me.” The Governor said that he was shocked to his marrows when the sad news of the callous murder of Gulak was broken to him, adding that he was getting ready to go to church when the sad news came and that made him not attend the church service again. He said: “Gulak death is one of my most devastating news I have heard and I am yet to recover from the shock. It remains a puzzle to me why anyone would want to murder him in this gruesome and vicious manner.” According to the Governor, Ahmed Gulak was in Imo State for a national assignment, adding that he came to Owerri with the Senate Committee on Constitutional Amendment. Describing the Adamawa born former aide of President Goodluck Jonathan as a humble man, the Governor said that Gulak chose to travel incognito according to his friend who was with him, otherwise someone must have trailed him from the hotel to the airport. Uzodimma said that it was exactly why his gruesome murder appeared to be a clear case of political assassination. The Governor assured that everything would be done by security agencies to find those who murdered Gulak and their sponsors insisting that they would not by the grace of God, escape their deserved punishment. He said: “This is not in our character as Ibos, not in our tradition nor in our culture. We must condemn this callous act”. Uzodimma urged the people to exercise restraint and allow the police to continue with their investigations, which was already yielding positive results as some arrests had already been made. He reiterated the assurances of President Muhammadu Buhari, to the nation that the perpetrators of this heinous crime would be apprehended and punished. The Governor maintained that his administration would not spare any effort in ensuring that the murderers of the patriot were quickly arrested and prosecuted for their evil deeds. He said: “Imo people are very hospitable. The events of the last few weeks do not represent who we truly are”. The Governor commiserated with relations and families of victims of kidnapping, armed robberies, banditry and stray bullets in Imo state and informed them that the government had been reaching out and would continue to reach out to all other victims “Let me on behalf of my family, the government and the good people of Imo state convey my heartfelt condolences to the immediate family of Alhaji Ahmed Gulak, the government and the people of Adamawa state and the families of our brothers and sisters in Imo state who lost their lives,” he commiserated. He said: “Let me reassure you that Imo State government is committed to finding and punishing the killers. Above all it is our fervent prayers that God in his infinite mercy shall grant us the fortitude to bear these devastating and shocking losses of our beloved one, Alhaji Ahmed Gulak; a great Patriot and Nationalist and others.” The Governor equally clarified the story trending on the social media platforms, that his convoy was attacked. He said that his convoy was never attacked, describing the rumour as the wish of those who murdered Gulak. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE No! TETFund Not Offering Nigerian Students N20,000 Grant CLAIM: A website claims that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) is offering Nigerian students N20,000 grant. This is being sent to unsuspecting students as a bulk SMS with the name Tetfund2021.Uzodimma says arrests made in respect of Gulak’s murder BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.