THE Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, has commended SecureID Limited, an indigenous smart card manufacturer, for laying the precedent for other Nigerian companies to follow. Osinbajo gave the commendation last week during a courtesy visit to SecureID Limited’s smart card manufacturing facility at Isolo, Lagos. He noted that the company had created copious job opportunities for Nigerians and brought the country to the fore of global competitiveness with its smart card manufacturing plant. “SecureID Limited has proved to us with this state-of-the-art manufacturing plant that local production of smart cards at the highest quality is not only viable in Nigeria but also brings a plethora of opportunities with it for Africa. “I must commend this indigenous company for laying the precedent for other local manufacturers to follow,” Osinbajo said. He commended the company on its recent Global System Mobile  Applications(GSMA) Cerification, adding that it would undoubtedly usher a myriad of opportunities. Osinbajo said that, “this goes to show that we were progressing as a nation and needed more collaborators in the private sector to emulate this significant effort. “The world in which companies like SecureID operates provides comprehensive end-to-end payment, identity management and digital security solutions is one that thrives on innovation. “The company has provided notable innovative offerings to financial services sector, telecommunications and healthcare among others. “It is  equally remarkable  that the  facility can produce on demand cards, such as loyalty cards, identity cards, residency cards, drivers license and even voter registration cards,” Osinbajo said. Speaking on the company’s recent milestone, the Founder of SecuredID, Mrs Kofo Akinkugbe, said that the company “strictly upholds high quality standards and protocols to manufacture an array of smart cards in line with global best practices.” She said that the SecureID worked resolutely to attain the GSMA certificate and other certificates. According to Akinkugbe, the company is an attestation that local production of smart cards at the highest quality is possible in Nigeria. “As an indigenous company, we are able to produce high quality SIM cards and at the same time, providing job opportunities for Nigerians. “On our journey, we sought and received support from the many institutions, agencies, and initiatives that have been established to encourage startups SMEs and enterprises,” she said. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!