THE Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), has warned against the subterranean moves being made by some groups to introduce Sharia Law to the South West region of the country through the ongoing constitutional review being carried out by the Senate. To this end, the Christian body warned the Senate not to succumb to such agitation capable of further plunging the country into major religious crisis. A statement from the media office of the PFN President, Bishop Francis Wale Oke, advised the nation’s lawmakers to direct their energies towards solving the mounting problems bedeviling the country, especially as they concern the security of lives and property of the populace. “The problems confronting our nation are more enormous than wanting to create more. Sharia Law is alien to our culture of religious existence in the South West. As such, nobody should through any subterfuge, bring it in so as to cause crisis,” the fellowship asserted. According to the body, the introduction of such law into South West, would aim by its sponsors, at pitching the Christians against their Muslims counterparts. “We want to strongly warn the Senate and those behind this plan to unsettle the peace being enjoyed in this country, to desist before it’s too late. Don’t instigate religious crisis in the South West; this could further threaten the fragile peace of the country,” it further charged.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!