Following the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), shootings have been recorded in some parts of Owerri and its environs. Tribune Online recorded some sporadic shooting shootings late Friday night to early on Saturday morning at Naze Timber Market and its environs in Owerri North Local Government Area of Imo State on Friday between the hours of 8pm till 10pm. The situation made it difficult for travellers on the Aba Expressway to reach their destinations on time. The same shooting continued on Saturday morning, when the sit-at-home order was to begin, at Egbu Road, Mbaise Road, Douglas Road by men of Nigeria Air Force, who were called out of their base by the authority. There were also armed blockages by security agents at Chukwuma Nwoha, Egbu Road, Mbaise Road and some other roads in Owerri metropolis Already the sit-at-home was gradually becoming effective as movements of people were being restricted, even by the security personnel, drafted to maintain peace, law and order. The restrictions placed on people’s movements by the security agents run contrary to the position of the state government that citizens in the state should be protected to go about their normal businesses. Tribune Online observed that people coming out for their normal business were being harassed and intimidated by the security personnel who kept shooting intermittently. Shops and markets around Federal Housing Egbu Road and Mbaise Park were all closed by their owners at the time of filing this report.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!