The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila, has urged Nigerians, especially Muslims, to use the period of Eid-el-Fitr and pray for the country to overcome her challenges. The Speaker said after supplications during the just concluded month of Ramadan, it was incumbent on the Muslims to pray that the Almighty Allah brings peace to our land. He said Nigeria faces challenges at the moment, “which is why as citizens, we should pray to our creator for solutions even as leaders try their best to address the issues.” Gbajabiamila congratulated Nigerian Muslims for the successful completion of fasting in the Holy Month of Ramadan, praying that Allah would accept their acts of ibadah during the period. He urged Muslims to internalize the lessons learnt during the month of Ramadan for a better society. In a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, the Speaker called on Muslims to ensure peaceful coexistence with their neighbours. He said the Islamic religion emphasises peace, which is why every Muslim must be peaceful in their conduct wherever they find themselves. Gbajabiamila wished all Muslims a peaceful Sallah celebration, calling for vigilance and caution while celebrating. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there…Eid-el-Fitr: Gbajabiamila enjoins Muslims to pray for Nigeria, ensure peaceful coexistence Eid-el-Fitr: Gbajabiamila enjoins Muslims to pray for Nigeria, ensure peaceful coexistence BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!