Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has assured industrialists and residents in Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government Area of the state  that his administration would deliver the  19-kilometre Atan-Lusada-Agbara Road in the next 15 months. The governor gave the assurance during the turning of the sod for the reconstruction of the road and the commissioning of the 10.25km Lusada Junction-Igbesa-Ogun Guangdong FTZ Road at the weekend Speaking to the elaborate audience, Abiodun said the commencement of rehabilitation work on the road would impact positively on the ease of doing business along the industrial corridor. The events were attended by the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo; Chairman, Senate Committee on Works and former governor of Kebbi State, Senator Adamu Aliero; Senator representing Lagos West and Chairman, Senate Committee on Finance, Senator Olamilekan Adeola; Senator Ayo Akinyelure, Senator Opeyemi Bamidele and Senator Micheal Nnachi, among other dignitaries. The governor said that though the road, which is part of the Sokoto-Badagry Expressway, belonged to the Federal Government, but that his administration decided to embark on the reconstruction of the road in order to give succour to the residents and industries along the axis. Abiodun, who reiterated that his government would not develop any part of the state at the expense of another, disclosed that over 172 kilometres of road had been constructed, while 120 kilometres had also been rehabilitated across the length and breadth of Ogun State within two years of his administration. The governor assured that all roads leading to industrial areas and farm settlements in the state will be prioritised to boost economic growth and development. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government for the prompt approval of the request for the transfer of the rehabilitation, reconstruction and maintenance of Atan-Lusada-Agbara road to the Ogun state. He, however, urged the residents along the axis to take charge of the project, disclosing that the youths in the area would be gainfully engaged during the construction of the road. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.