By Rukiyat Bakare  The Archbishop of Ibadan Diocese, Methodist Church Nigeria, Most Reverend Olumuyiwa Odejayi, has charged leaders to uphold the doctrine and tenets of Jesus Christ to achieve peace and unity in the country. The archbishop said this  during his Episcopal visit to Ekotedo Circuit, Ibadan, Oyo State, on Friday, where he admonished and appealed to the Church, which according to him, is the bedrock of holiness, righteousness and revealer of God’s mind to humanity. According to him, upholding the Lord’s doctrine would help in proliferating the nation to recover from kidnapping, killings, human trafficking and other social vices. He said: “This will proliferate the nation with speed of light to recover the times eaten by locust of kidnapping, killing, human trafficking and all other evil vices that have turned the nation to a dungeon. “The example of John Wesley, who spent all for charity and never acquires wealth for himself and his name is written in gold till today should be followed by our leaders in all spheres of life.” Also speaking, Presbyter of the circuit, Very Reverend Abraham Aremu Akinyode, urged all Christians to be actively involved in politics so as to reflect Jesus Christ’s leadership style, which according to him, would bring positive change and gain to all. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Fake Website Asking N-Power Candidates To Verify If They Have Been Shortlisted For N30,700 Grant CLAIM: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify if they have been shortlisted to receive ₦30,700 Batch C grant VERDICT: FALSE. Registration can make you lose your WhatsApp account to scammers. FULL TEXT: A viral post on WhatsApp is asking N-Power candidates to verify the status of their application and see if they have been shortlisted for the batch C cash grant… Inside Ibadan Bound Train From Lagos The train started the 156.65 kilometres journey to Lagos at exactly 08:00hrs. The pace of its acceleration was minimal. At about 25 minutes, the train slowed down at the uncompleted Omi-Adio terminal, a village on the Abeokuta/Ibadan expressway; it’s a stone throw from Apata in Ibadan. Conveyance of passengers from there and other terminals has not kickstarted as the terminals are still under construction and workers were found there… Killer Herdsmen: Untold Story Of Ibarapa’s Worst Nightmare + VIDEOS “Please do not talk to my father. He is yet to come to terms with the death of his son. It is a most tragic experience. How does one quantify the loss of a dear brother? My brother was killed like an animal by two herdsmen. His offence was that he asked them to drive their cows off his already cultivated farmland,” Bisi Olaosepin, whose brother was hacked to death, struggled to hold back his tears as he relayed to Sunday Tribune the horrible experience that culminated in the passage of his brother… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!