Thousands of residents of the Gauraka community in Tafa Local Government Area of Niger State have blocked the Abuja-Kaduna highway to protest the incessant insecurity in the community. The protesters burnt tyres and blocked the main highway halting commuters movement on the highway, on Monday morning. The protesters demanded that the state and Federal Government should boost security in the area and the highway over the incessant attacks. According to them the kidnappers stormed the area, on Saturday and Sunday kidnapping at least 15 persons from the community and killing three others. According to residents, there have been speculations about Boko Haram terrorists infiltrating the Gauraka community after Governor Abubakar Bello announced that terrorists have hoisted their flags in some communities in Niger State in April. They also said they have lost sleep due to the activities of kidnappers who have continued to terrorise the community. They explained that more than 30 people have been abducted from January to date. Recall, Niger State has come under serious banditry attacks in recent times which have left hundreds of people killed. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…  Residents block Abuja-Kaduna highway over insecurity Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…  Residents block Abuja-/Kaduna highway over insecurity [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!