Bandits have attacked Tsaskiya village in Safana local government area of Katsina State killing eleven persons while three others sustained injuries. A resident of the area who gave his name as Bashir Isa said in an interview on Sunday that the bandits attacked the village on Saturday around 11:30 am and shot sporadically. “As the villagers started running for safety, unknown to them the bandits have stationed themselves in strategic positions killing the villagers at sight. “At the end of the attack, we counted 11 dead bodies. While three others were seriously injured. Those injured are currently receiving treatment in a medical facility,” he said. He said the deceased persons have since been buried according to Islamic injunctions. As at the time of filing the report, it was gathered that residents of the village have fled to Dutsin-ma town for their safety. “Yes our town is deserted many people have left for fear of being attacked because these people (bandits) are heartless,” he added. The police spokesperson, SP Gambo Isah could not be reached to confirm the incident.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. Need A FAST CURE To Erectile Dysfunction And Low Sperm Count? CLICK HERE!!!