Frontline politician and businessman, Mr Gbenga Olawepo-Hashim has condemned the gruesome murder of Mr Ahmed Gulak in Owerri on Sunday, also appealed to Northerners to avoid acts of revenge. Hashim who described the killing as a cowardly act said the sad development was reprehensible conduct that could plunge the nation into further conflict, calling for urgent action to end ongoing killings in the country. In a statement issued on Monday by his media office, the business mogul said “the murder is reminiscent of first republic killings but appealed to Northerners to avoid any act of reprisal in this moment of grief. “In this 2021, we should bear the pain as a sacrifice for national unity. “We need no revenge action as the perpetrators of this evil act has been promptly apprehended and will certainly be brought to justice by the police,” Olawepo-Hashim noted. Speaking further, Olawepo-Hashim appealed “to northern youths, in the name of God to maintain dignified calm even in the face of this obvious provocation. “There should be no reprisal attack, it is unnecessary.” Mr Hashim said. “At this juncture, it will be profitable to counsel elders in the East to reining in the youths to stop their campaign of hate and violence which may have severe consequences. “No amount of complaints about political marginalization can justify the continuous murder of police officers, the targeted destruction of security facilities, the burning of federal establishments and the latest assassination. “The best path to justice is the way of dialogue and peace, not the type of targeted violence against law enforcement officers and politicians from other regions,” he said. Hashim commiserated with the family of the deceased and the good people of Adamawa State, where Gulak was Speaker of the State Assembly, as well as the entire people of Nigeria on this sad departure of a true Nigerian who sees entire Nigeria as his constituency. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.  Hashim appeals for calm over Gulak’s murder ;  Hashim appeals for calm over Gulak’s murder  ;  Hashim appeals for calm over Gulak’s murder  ;  Hashim appeals for calm over Gulak’s murder. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.