Dissatisfied with the spate of insecurity tearing at the seams of the nation’s fabric, the diocesan bishop, Diocese of Ibadan North of the Anglican Communion and president of the second session of the eighth synod, The Most Reverend ‘Segun Okubadejo, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to take proactive steps in ending the current situation of insecurity in Nigeria so as to halt the instability ravaging all sections of the country. The cleric made this known in his charge during the second session of the Eighth Synod of Ibadan North Anglican Diocese, with the theme: ‘Doing the impossible,’ which was held from Sunday, May 16 to Thursday, May 20, 2021, at the Cathedral of St Peter, Aremo, Ibadan and Bishop Akinyele Memorial Anglican Church, Iwo Road, Ibadan. According to the archbishop, “there is certainly insecurity and instability in the conglomeration called Nigeria. We are living in a land that once flowed with milk and honey, but is now flowing with tears and blood of innocent citizens. Terror is at its peak, wanton destruction of lives and property is the order of the day, devastations of everything good in the land have left all and sundry in fear, and all we are experiencing is the silence of the commander-in-chief, who swore to protect the lives and property of citizens, but now making us to believe that he is in sympathy with those troubling the land. “We do not have to catalogue all the woes betiding the Nigeria nation, because we are all feeling the heat, all we need now is to proffer solutions that will take us out of the mess we are in. And a serious government that wants Nigeria to remain an indivisible entity must take proactive steps on these several suggested ways and measures by well meaning Nigerians in order to move the nation forward.” He, however, commended the Oyo State government under the leadership of Mr Seyi Makinde, over what he described as “impactful progress” currently being witnessed in the state. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Battle For First Bank: The Untold Story Last week was one of twists and turns for First Bank of Nigeria Limited, the nation’s oldest banking institution. It was a week that saw the bank’s MD sacked and reinstated, as major shareholders struggled for control of the financial powerhouse. SULAIMON OLANREWAJU reports… #EndSARS Panel: Drama As Witness Presents Video Evidence Of Slain Lekki Protesters A witness of the Lekki tollgate shooting incident, Miss Sarah Ibrahim has presented video evidence of people injured and killed at the scene to the Lagos State Judicial Panel. Tribune Online reports that… Truck loaded with live bullets falls, spills contents in Onitsha Onitsha residents are currently in fear, as a truck fully loaded with cartons of live bullets fell into a ditch and spilled its content all around the street, in the commercial city of Anambra State… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!