Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yoruba land, Iba Gani Adams, has condemned the Nigeria Police following the firing of teargas canister at the Publishers of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, during a protest at the Unity Fountain in Abuja, describing the attack as a show of shame and a reflection of Federal Government’s intolerance to opposition. Adams expressed this concern on Monday in a statement by his Special Assistant on Media, Kehinde Aderemi, even as he flayed the police for disrupting a peaceful protest and also opening fire on unarmed protesters. “Nigeria is heading towards a tailspin. How can you explain the attack on peaceful protesters in a country that prides itself as being democratic? The attack was a show of shame. It was a reflection of the Federal Government’s intolerance to opposition. “It is only in Nigeria that the government feels uncomfortable with opposing voices. In developed climes, democracy is about being tolerant with opposition,” the Yoruba generalissimo said. Adams, however, called on the Federal Government to investigate the circumstances surrounding the attack, even as he demanded that the culprit must be brought to book. Iba Adams also urged the Federal Government to concentrate on finding a solution to the security challenges in the country, warning that any attempt to eliminate Sowore would be resisted by well-meaning Nigerians. “What else does this government want from the young activist? FG had restricted his movements to Abuja and his freedom and businesses had been trampled upon. He couldn’t have access to his immediate family. So what does the FG want from the activist?” he queried. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!! Tired of staying in Nigeria? Let us help you relocate with ease. Click here to send a WhatsApp message now.