United States based Delta Airlines has announced plans to initially equip more than 300 aircraft in its fleet with the new high speed Wi-Fi system (Ka-Band) satellite connectivity, powered by Viasat, by the end of 2021. According to the airline the move will enable it  set in motion an aggressive installation timeline and scale to modernise the onboard experience. Commenting on the development, the Vice President, Brand Experience, in the airline, Bryon Merritt declared “Whether at home, at work, or on the go, the ways we use our personal devices are rapidly evolving. The need for reliable and fast connectivity has never been more important, which is why Delta is outfitting nearly all of its domestic mainline fleet with best-in-class high-speed Wi-Fi by the end of 2022. “Technology and entertainment are key parts of our customers’ lives. By equipping our fleet with enhanced Wi-Fi capabilities, we are taking steps to ensure we can adapt to the different ways our customers will use technology during their journey both today and in the future.” While the mega carrier said the new Wi-Fi system delivers a reliable and streaming quality connection to everyone onboard, it further described the feat as a critical capability for Delta’s vision for the future customer experience. Beginning in June, customers on Viasat-enabled aircraft will have access to enhanced connectivity for a simple and consistent $8 per flight per device no matter their destination. “Simply join the DeltaWifi.com network on a laptop or mobile device and purchase Wi-Fi access using the new Delta Portal Platform – the front page to the onboard experience coming later this summer to Viasat-enabled aircraft.” As additional aircraft are outfitted with enhanced connectivity and the Delta Portal Platform, the airline said customers can expect a unified and consistent Delta-branded experience across all Viasat-enabled aircraft. “With enhanced Wi-Fi service onboard coming this year, critically-acclaimed in-flight entertainment content, industry leading rewards, reimagined snacks and beverages onboard and more destinations to visit in 2021, customers have even more to look forward to as they reclaim the joy of travel,” the airline added. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.