A group of notorious kidnappers terrorising the inhabitants of Jos North local government area of Plateau State have kidnapped a proprietor of G-medical centre and another nursing mother in the council area. A source close to the scene of the incident told Tribune Online that the Proprietor of the Medical Centre, Bitrus Musa Agwon was picked up in his house in Faraka area of the local government by kidnappers who stormed his residence at 7:00 pm on Tuesday. The source added: “The proprietor who is also a Community Health Officer was in his house when the kidnappers forced themselves in and kidnapped him at a gunpoint, maltreating other members of the family before they finally whisked him away to an unknown destination. “Kidnapping is becoming a daily occurrence in this part of the state capital. We had complained severely to the government and security agencies without any positive response. Up to the time I am talking to you, the kidnappers have not contacted the family to know the whereabouts of the man.” The kidnappers also invaded a nearby community of Eto-Baba in the same local government area and abducted a nursing mother simply identified as Paulina, leaving her baby behind. According to a member of the family, Gyang Ibrahim, the gunmen invaded the house at about 8:45 pm, threatening to kill anyone who attempts to disrupt the operation adding that the woman was forced into a waiting vehicle, while the baby was left crying. He added that before those in the house could raise alarm, the gunmen had zoomed off. When contacted, the State Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Gabriel Ubah Ogabah said his office was yet to be informed about the incidents, saying “I am not aware of the incident, let me get in touch with the DPO in charge of the area.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state…Medical officer  Medical officer Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report…Medical officer  Medical officer BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.