Operatives of the Lagos Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) have arrested two siblings for their alleged involvement in internet fraud. The suspects, Queen and Rowland Kalu, were arrested on Wednesday, May 5, 2021, at the Amikanle Alagbado area of Lagos State. Head, Media & Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren, who revealed this in a statement issued to newsmen in Lagos, said that their arrest followed credible intelligence received by the commission about their alleged involvement in computer-related fraud and online dating scam. Wilson noted that Upon their arrest, Queen, who is a graduate of Banking and Finance, confessed to the crime, saying that she was involved in online dating and had made some money from the crime. He added that she also disclosed that she helps her brothers, including one Prince Kalu who is at large, to speak to their male victims and defraud them of their money. Meanwhile, Uwujaren noted that a Mercedes Benz car and mobile devices were recovered from them, adding that they would soon be charged to court.  YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state.  Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.