There is fresh indication that financial closure on the proposed 38-kilometre Fourth Mainland Bridge may due by December this year. According to the Special Adviser on Works and Infrastructure to the Lagos State Government, Mrs  Aramide Adeyoye,  an engineer, this would give room to know the preferred bidder and reserved bidder for the project, having screened them to six out of  32 firms that bid for the project initially. She disclosed that a lot of preparatory works have been carried out as regards the project›s framework, recalling that a request for qualification was issued last February in respect of the project whereby 32 firms that expressed interest were shortlisted, later screened to 12 and further scrutinised to six. She said «We have populated all our data room. We have the design, 878 structures will be affected, the alignment is cleared because no investor will come in without seeing your Environmental and Social Impacts Assessment (ESIA), the data room is completed, in the coming weeks, we will be given the technical Request for Proposal (RfP) documents to all the investors so that we can get proposal from them. «Hopefully by November we should have something and by December, we should come to financial closure and know the preferred bidder and reserved bidder.» Fielding questions from journalists during the 2021 ministerial press briefing to mark the second-year anniversary of Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu›s administration in Lagos, Adeyoye said the journey of the 4th Mainland Bridge, which started many years ago has become a top priority of the state government as part of efforts aimed at decongesting the metropolis, redirect/ease traffic congestion along existing highways and serve as an alternative route to the eastern part of Lagos. «The administration in its resolve to ensure quick delivery of the project has enhanced the role of Private Sector Partnership in the delivery process,» the special adviser said. Giving the scorecard of her ministry, Adeyoye disclosed that the state government has delivered 51 iconic  projects within two  years of the administration of Sanwo-Olu, with more ongoing across the three senatorial districts. These achievements, she said were aside the continual intervention in road repairs and maintenance of over 632 inner roads covering approximately 192 kilometres across the state by the Public Works Corporation. Meanwhile, Governior Babajide Sanwo-Olu has also flagged off the  reconstruction/upgrade of three strategic roads to ensure accessibility to the 150-bed ultramodern New Massey Children’s Hospital in Lagos Island. Flagging off both roads and hospital project, Sanwo-Olu enumerated benefits of good road network for ease of doing business and accessibility to quality healthcare to reduce infants and maternal mortality. Sanwo-Olu said that the construction of the New Massey Children’s Hospital and the reconstruction of the Adeniji Adele, Oke Popo and Tapa Street were an integral part of the Greater Lagos Vision. He said that the strategic roads would add value to the New Massey Children’s Hospital being reconstructed and upgraded into a seven storey, 150-bed multipurpose Pediatrics and General Hospital. He listed various ministries working together on the regeneration of the roads as part of the Lagos Island Area North Action Plan to address flooding, gridlock and other challenges on the axis. He said “The choice of the reconstruction and upgrade of Adeniji Adele and Oke Popo/ Tapa Streets to kick-start Phase 1 of the Regeneration Plan was informed by two factors. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE Nigeria Is Where It Is Now Due To Leadership Of Family, Friends, Acquaintances Rather Than Ability To Deliver ― Jonathan Former President of Nigeria, Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has opined that Nigeria is where it is today because of leadership of family and friends, acquaintances rather than ability and capability to deliver. I Slept With My 12-Yr-Old Daughter Because My Wife Is No Longer Attractive To Me, Man Tells Police A 49-year-old man, Ubong Akpan, is now in net of the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly having carnal knowledge of his 12-year-old daughter. Cryptocurrency: Understanding The Craze, Threat ON Friday, February 6, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rocked the boat with a circular that inadvertently highlighted how popular cryptocurrency transactions have become among Nigerians in recent years, judging by… After Two Years, Daddy Freeze Apologises To Bishop Oyedepo Daddy Freeze whose real name is Ifedayo Olarinde has apologised to Bishop Oyedepo who is the presiding bishop and founder of Living Faith Church aka Winners Chapel… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.