The President/Vice-Chancellor of the Church Administrators Society of Nigeria (CASON) and Babcock University, Professor Ademola Tayo, has advised workers in the vineyard to always seek divine knowledge as it is the only key to excel in ministry. He stated this at the Babcock Centre for Executive Development (BCED), as 17 of the 27 pioneer students in Church Administration became the first fruits of collaboration between CASON and Babcock University, last Thursday. Speaking during the graduation ceremony at Babcock University, Professor Ademola Tayo, enjoined graduands to not rest on their oars, but aim to get to the zenith of knowledge. He also congratulated the faculty as well as CASON for finding the institution worthy to partner. Also speaking, Pastor Seyi Oladimeji, CASON president, said he was glad that what was once a dream had produced its first fruits. He, however, urged the graduates to go back to their local churches and “run them well and not run them down. “Shine the light in your corner, represent heavens well in your churches, represent the brand very well and God will give you the grace to do it well,” he stated. Senior Vice President, Academics, Professor Philemon Amanze, also urged the workers not to shy away from the counsel of Apostle Paul to preach the word in season and out of season. Speaking on behalf of other graduates, Pastor Kayode Olorunishola, expressed appreciation for being the first set of students in the programme and for the impartation of sound knowledge. YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state… Selfies, video calls and Chinese documentaries: The things you’ll meet onboard Lagos-Ibadan train The Lagos-Ibadan railway was inaugurated recently for a full paid operation by the Nigerian Railway Corporation after about a year of free test-run. Our reporter joined the train to and fro Lagos from Ibadan and tells his experience in this report… [ICYMI] Lekki Shootings: Why We Lied About Our Presence — General Taiwo The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the killings at Lekki Toll Gate, on Saturday resumed viewing of the 24hrs footage of the October 20, 2020 shooting of #EndSARS protesters by personnel of the Nigerian Army… ICYMI: How We Carried Out The 1993 Nigerian Airways Hijack —Ogunderu On Monday, October 25, 1993, in the heat of June 12 annulment agitations, four Nigerian youngsters, Richard Ajibola Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Razak-Lawal, did the unthinkable! They hijacked an Abuja-bound aircraft, the Nigerian Airways airbus A310, and diverted it to Niger Republic. How did they so it? Excerpts… ICYMI: What North Will Not Accept About 2023 Presidency —Prof Mahuta, UDU Don And Kebbi Dev Foundation Chairman Sahabi Danladi Mahuta, a community mobiliser and APC chieftain. Mahuta spoke to select journalists at the sidelines of an Islamic conference in Abuja recently. Excerpts… BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA.