The Sokoto State Government has revealed that 411 reported cases of rape were recorded across the state in one year. Commissioner of Women and Children Affairs in the state, Hajia Kulu Sifawa, disclosed this on Thursday at Women Development Centre, Sokoto during the celebration of this year Children’s Day. She explained that the state government has done enough by domesticating Child Right Act to cater for child right abuses. According to her, the ministry in collaboration with civil society organization and non-governmental organizations would do everything possible to make sure that the victims of rape and defilement get justice. She proffered stiffer penalties for rapists, stressing that the increasing rate of rape cases in the country could be blamed on moral decadence. She, therefore, enjoined parents to rise up to their responsibility and inculcate good morals and values in their children. About a girl, Joy Emmanuel, who was confined in a cage for eight months by her aunt, the commissioner said the state government would cater for her medical bill and welfare and would ensure that the aunt faces the full wrath of the law. In another development, the wife of Sokoto State Governor, Mariya Tambuwal, also celebrated this year Children’s Day with the pupils of Abdulrasheed Raji School at Skyland Amazement Park, Sokoto. The first lady showered gifts on the children and also prayed for them. She further explained that children are the leaders of tomorrow, hence the need to nurture them in the fear of God. She also said she would champion the cause that would promote and protect the right of children. The theme of this year’s Children’s Day is “Unite to Reverse the Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Children.” YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE HEADLINES FROM NIGERIAN TRIBUNE We Have Not Had Water Supply In Months ― Abeokuta Residents In spite of the huge investment in the water sector by the government and international organisations, water scarcity has grown to become a perennial nightmare for residents of Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. This report x-rays the lives and experiences of residents in getting clean, potable and affordable water amidst the surge of COVID-19 cases in the state. BUY OR SELL YOUR CAR IN 5 MINUTES WITH 2020CARS.NET CLICK HERE.  YOUR NEW CAR CONNECTS IN NIGERIA. SHOCKING LIFE STORY!!! Abuja Man reveals (FREE) secret Fruits that
Increased his Manh0d size and Lasting Power in just 7days… CLICK HERE
TO GET IT!!!